Calculating Transient Distributions of Cumulative Reward.
Facilitating Trust in Privacy-Preserving E-Learning Environments.
STACC - an automatic service for information access using continuous speech recognition through telephone line.
Scheduling multi-component applications with mobile agents in heterogeneous distributed systems.
Scheduling instructions on hierarchical machines.
Paralingual Web Design and Trust in E-Government.
Optimizing vessel fleet size and mix to support maintenance operations at offshore wind farms.
Defense techniques for low-rate DoS attacks against application servers.
Petrel - A Programmatically Accessible Research Data Service.
Self-concordant analysis of Frank-Wolfe algorithms.
Classification of multiple motor imagery using deep convolutional neural networks and spatial filters.
Acting Together - Joint Pedestrian Road Crossing in an Immersive Virtual Environment.
MONEE - Using Parental Investment to Combine Open-Ended and Task-Driven Evolution.
A Comparison of Distance Estimation in HMD-Based Virtual Environments with Different HMD-Based Conditions.
A Comparison Between Memetic Algorithm and Seeded Genetic Algorithm for Multi-objective Independent Task Scheduling on Heterogeneous Machines.
Forest Species Recognition Using Color-Based Features.
Robotic arm kinematics and bilateral haptic feedback over an ethernet communications link.
Estrategia de procesamiento paralelo para la solución del problema térmico-mecánico acoplado aplicado a un sistema 4D utilizando el método de elemento finito.
Ultrasound RF Time Series for Classification of Breast Lesions.
R-Score - Reputation-based Scoring of Research Groups.
On the Interplay between Content Popularity and Performance in P2P Systems.
Significance of IPv6 Interface Identifiers.
Utilizing BCF and IFC for Automated Dimensional Compliance Control.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation to the Transverse Occipital Sulcus Affects Scene but Not Object Processing.
Overview of the CLEF 2010 Medical Image Retrieval Track.
A Methodology for Calculating the Undetectable Double-Faults in Self-Checking Circuits.
Aversive Pavlovian Control of Instrumental Behavior in Humans.
Automated Derivation of the Adjoint of High-Level Transient Finite Element Programs.
Improving pattern classification of DNA microarray data by using PCA and logistic regression.
Detection of false data injection attacks in smart grids using Recurrent Neural Networks.
Reduction of temporal complexity in Markov decision processes.
Online Feature Selection for Robust Classification of the Microbiological Quality of Traditional Vanilla Cream by Means of Multispectral Imaging.
Dynamic Pricing for Autonomous Vehicle E-hailing Services Reliability and Performance Improvement.
Comparison of predictive contract mechanisms from an information theory perspective.
Thermo-Electric Power Generators Using Gated Silicon Nanowires.
Trust Across Borders - Buyer-Supplier Trust in Global Business-to-Business E-Commerce.
Evolutionary tradeoffs, Pareto optimality and the morphology of ammonite shells.
Genomic clustering and co-regulation of transcriptional networks in the pathogenic fungus Fusarium graminearum.
An information-based dynamic extrapolation model for networked virtual environments.
Quantum Flows for Secret Key Distribution in the Presence of the Photon Number Splitting Attack.
A new statistic for identifying batch effects in high-throughput genomic data that uses guided principal component analysis.
Practical image registration concerns overcome by the weighted and filtered mutual information metric.
Relationships Between Online Gambling, Mental Health, and Substance Use - A Review.
Network Positioning from the Edge - An Empirical Study of the Effectiveness of Network Positioning in P2P Systems.
Ontology-based Diagnostic Decision Support in Radiology.
Statistical Inference on Random Dot Product Graphs - a Survey.
Predicting Secondary Structure for Human Proteins Based on Chou-Fasman Method.
MakerShoe - towards a wearable e-textile construction kit to support creativity, playful making, and self-expression.
On the feasibility of heart motion compensation on the daVinci® surgical robot for coronary artery bypass surgery - Implementation and user studies.
Modeling the Listeria monocytogenes survival/death curves using wavelet neural networks.
Out of the Box and Onto the Stage - Enacting Information Systems Research through Theatre.
Global optimization algorithms applied to solve a multi-variable inverse artificial neural network to improve the performance of an absorption heat transformer with energy recycling.
Unique Decoding of Plane AG Codes via Interpolation.
Composite adaptive posicast control for a class of LTI plants with known delay.
A Web Services Broker for E-learning.
Development and formative evaluation of the e-Health Implementation Toolkit (e-HIT).
A kernel-space POF virtual switch.
CORBA-Based Open Platform for Processes Monitoring. An Application to a Complex Electromechanical Process.
Ternary Functions Design Using Memristive Threshold Logic.
Polarization Decomposition and Temperature Bias Resolution for Smap Passive Soil Moisture Retrieval Using Time Series Brightness Temperature Observations.
Expectation-Maximization-Driven Geodesic Active Contour With Overlap Resolution (EMaGACOR) - Application to Lymphocyte Segmentation on Breast Cancer Histopathology.
Bridging the Gap - Digital Humanities and the Arabic-Islamic Corpus.
Computational Modeling of an MRI Guided Drug Delivery System Based on Magnetic Nanoparticle Aggregations for the Navigation of Paramagnetic Nanocapsules.
Nonlinear estimation with quantized measurements-PCM, predictive quantization, and data compression.
Program Self-Reference in Constructive Scott Subdomains.
Improving Baby Caring with Automatic Infant Cry Recognition.
Openness and requirements - Opportunities and tradeoffs in software ecosystems.
Eliciting contextual requirements at design time - A case study.
Resonant control for H-Bridge topologies based on single-phase Current-Source Inverters.
Wikipedia-based cross-language text classification.
A data integration platform for patient-centered e-healthcare and clinical decision support.
A continuous-time analysis of distributed stochastic gradient.
From Behavioral and Communication Intervention to Interaction Design - User Perspectives from Clinicians.
J3 - High payload histogram neutral JPEG steganography.
s theory of morphogenesis.
Natural steering behaviors for virtual pedestrians.
An Approach to Aggregate the Partial Rank List of Web Services in E-Business.
VEGK - Virtual ECC group key for wireless sensor networks.
Neural Substrates of the Development of Cognitive Control in Children Ages 5-10 Years.
Performance of Enhanced Massive Multiuser MIMO Systems Using Transmit Beamforming and Transmit Antenna Selection Techniques.
Improved wideband spectrum sensing techniques using wavelet-based edge detection for cognitive radio.
Collaborative group engagement in a computer-supported inquiry learning environment.
DeepMemIntrospect - Recognizing Data Structures in Memory with Neural Networks.
Innovative Applications and Services Based on Privacy Enhanced Distributed Computations on IoT Devices.
Enterprise architecture, IT effectiveness and the mediating role of IT alignment in US hospitals.
Challenges and implemented technologies used in autonomous drone racing.
Flow Optimization for Iron Ore Reclaiming Process.
CC_SCR - A Compression Cluster-Based Scheme in a Spatial Correlated Region for Wireless Sensor Networks.
The Development of the Research Precision Oncology Program Data Repository (PODR) in the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System.
Immediate biofeedback for energy balance via expired breath δ13CO2.
Mixed Reality Space Travel for Physics Learning.
Aiding Designers, Operators and Regulators to Deal with Legal and Ethical Considerations in the Design and Use of Lethal Autonomous Systems.
Cascaded H-Bridge topologies comparison for multi-cell current-source inverters under different DC inductor size reduction methods.
Offset calibration technique for capacitive transimpedance amplifier used in uncooled infrared detection.
7T-fMRI - Faster temporal resolution yields optimal BOLD sensitivity for functional network imaging specifically at high spatial resolution.
A Multi-Atlas-Based Segmentation Framework for Prostate Brachytherapy.
Impact of meteorological factors on ozone concentrations modelled by time series analysis and multivariate statistical methods.
Building an Automated Integrated Observing System to Detect Sea Surface Temperature Anomaly Events in the Florida Keys.
Detecting Patterns of Fraudulent Behavior in Forensic Accounting.
Taking Side Effects into Account for HIV Medication.
CLO - The cell line ontology.
Instantiating Knowledge Bases in Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
Design of the dynamic stability properties of the collective behavior of articulated bipeds.
A manifesto for data sharing in social media research.
Applying the NSF broader impacts criteria to HCI research.
Control of Supply Networks by Robust Optimal Control and Using Observers.
Generalized Skew-Normal Negentropy and Its Application to Fish Condition Factor Time Series.
Robust online motion planning via contraction theory and convex optimization.
A network-based approach to enrich gene signatures for the prediction of breast cancer metastases.
Analysis of the 64-bit Boundary in IPv6 Addressing.
Calibration Drift Among Regression and Machine Learning Models for Hospital Mortality.
A Cooperative Multiagent Framework for Self-Healing Mechanisms in Distribution Systems.
Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF).
Program Self-reference in Constructive Scott Subdomains.
The Mass-Longevity Triangle - Pareto Optimality and the Geometry of Life-History Trait Space.
Genetic Improvement for Software Product Lines - An Overview and a Roadmap.
Allocation Requirements for Supporting Latency Bound Traffic in HomePlug AV Networks.
Simultaneous Retrieval of Surface Roughness Parameters from Combined Active-Passive SMAP Observations.
Erratum - Learning without Coding.
Building an Automated Integrated Observing System to Detect Sea Surface Temperature Anomaly Events in the Florida Keys.
Continuous-time system identification of a smoking cessation intervention.
Global control for the Furuta Pendulum based on Partial Feedback Linearization and stabilization of the Zero Dynamics.
Simultaneous Event-Triggered Fault Detection and Estimation for Stochastic Systems Subject to Deception Attacks.
Interview - Software Security in the Real World.
Information used and perceived usefulness in evaluating web source code search results.
Operating region comparison of symmetric and asymmetric Multilevel Shunt Active Power Filters.
Bessel and Neumann-fitted Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Radial Schrödinger Equation.
Recovering traceability between features and code in product variants.
An Explicit Eighth-order Method with Minimal Phase-lag for Accurate Computations of Eigenvalues, Resonances and Phase Shifts.
Overall Wrist Biomechanics Are Conserved by Phenol-Based Embalming.
Accurate Computations for the Elastic Scattering Phase-shift Problem.
Predictive knowledge management using mirror worlds.
Efficient searching and annotation of metabolic networks using chemical similarity.
Bifurcations of Stationary Solutions in an Interacting Pair of E-I Neural Fields.
Communication Practices in a Distributed Scrum Project.
Computation Complexity Evaluation of FastSLAM Algorithm for Unmanned Ground Vehicles.
Evolution of neural networks topologies and learning parameters to produce hyper-heuristics for constraint satisfaction problems.
Processamento de linguagem natural em Português e aprendizagem profunda para o domínio de Óleo e Gás.
Event-based predictive control of pH in tubular photobioreactors.
Multi-scale morphological feature extraction for the classification of micro-calcifications.
Bag of visual words based approach for the classification of benign and malignant masses in mammograms using voting-based feature encoding.
Flight Lasers Transmitter Development for Nasa Ice Topography Icesat-2 Space Mission.
A Family of Numerov-type Exponentially Fitted Methods for the Numerical Integration of the Schrödinger Equation.
The Rapid Distraction of Attentional Resources toward the Source of Incongruent Stimulus Input during Multisensory Conflict.
An optimally efficient technique for the solution of systems of nonlinear parabolic partial differential equations.
An Ocean-Colour Time Series for Use in Climate Studies - The Experience of the Ocean-Colour Climate Change Initiative (OC-CCI).
Medical Applications of Image Reconstruction Using Electromagnetic Field in Terahertz Frequency Range.
Implementation of an Informatics Solution to Improve Management of Pathology Specimens for the VA Precision Oncology Program.
The deployment of a tissue request tracking system for the CHTN - a case study in managing change in informatics for biobanking operations.
Ten simple rules for dynamic causal modeling.
Assessment of Linear and Nonlinear Synchronization Measures for Analyzing EEG in a Mild Epileptic Paradigm.
Making it possible to measure knowledge, experience and intuition in diagnosing lung injury severity - a fuzzy logic vision based on the Murray score.
Automatic detection of snore episodes in paediatric population.
A Novel Framework for Modeling Value for the Customer, an Essay on Negotiation.
From E-Processes to E-Networks - an E-Service-oriented Approach.
A system to build distributed multivariate models and manage disparate data sharing policies - implementation in the scalable national network for effectiveness research.
H-SOFT - a heuristic storage space optimisation algorithm for flow table of OpenFlow.
Sample Distortion for Compressed Imaging.
Energy-Efficient Medium Access Control Using Distributed Hash-based Elections.
Multiscale cancer modeling - In the line of fast simulation and chemotherapy.
Accessibility Stable Analysis Pattern (Stable Pattern for Model Based Software Reuse).
Efficient Monocular 3D Reconstruction from Segments for Visual Navigation in Structured Environments.
Registration of whole-mount histology and tomography of the prostate using particle filtering.
The Aspherical Human Hip - Implication for Early Osteoarthritis.
Latent Viral Marketing, Concepts and Control Methods.
Increasing the Flow of Rumors in Social Networks by Spreading Groups.
Selecting Effective Persuasive Strategies in Behavior Change Support Systems.
Steady-state analysis for hybrid AC/DC microgrids.
Robot Navigation from Human Demonstration - Learning Control Behaviors.
MIXER (Mime Internet X.400 Enhanced Relay) - Mapping between X.400 and RFC 822/MIME.
Learning Bayesian Network Structures from Small Datasets using Simulated Annealing and Bayesian Score.
Cooperative Adaptive Control for Cloud-Based Robotics.
How Persuasive are Serious Games, Social Media and mHealth Technologies for Vulnerable Young Adults? Design Factors for Health Behavior and Lifestyle Change Support - Sexual Health Case.
Improved performance of PEM fuel cells stack feeding switched reluctance motor using multi-objective dragonfly optimizer.
Efficient FPGA Implementation of MIMO Decoder for Mobile WiMAX System.
Evolutionary and Swarm Computing for the Semantic Web.
A classification and review of timed Markov models of manufacturing systems.
Secure integration of IoT and Cloud Computing.
TreeEFM - calculating elementary flux modes using linear optimization in a tree-based algorithm.
An overview of bioinformatics tools for epitope prediction - Implications on vaccine development.
Experimental-based Analysis of the Effect of Channel Errors in the Cluster Formation Phase in Wireless Sensor Networks.
e-Healthcare cloud computing application solutions - Cloud-enabling characteristices, challenges and adaptations.
SunDance - Black-box Behind-the-Meter Solar Disaggregation.
Naming Guidelines for Directory Pilots.
Ontology for autonomous robotics.
Supervised Neural Models Revitalize the Open Relation Extraction.
Computerized Image-Based Detection and Grading of Lymphocytic Infiltration in HER2+ Breast Cancer Histopathology.
Non-reference assessment of sharpness in blur/noise degraded images.
Classical and Bayesian inference on progressive-stress accelerated life testing for the extension of the exponential distribution under progressive type-II censoring.
Detecting Lung Abnormalities From X-rays Using an Improved SSL Algorithm.
Recognizing Sign Language from Brain Imaging.
An Efficient Multipath Mechanism Based on the Flowlet Abstraction and P4.
ANSI C Front-End enhancement for CUPSHOP HW/SW partitioning tool.
Use of an X.500/LDAP directory to support MIXER address mapping.
Disentangling perceptual and linguistic factors in parsing - Tone monitoring via ERPs.
Using Domains in LDAP/X.500 Distinguished Names.
Network Services Monitoring MIB.
Control of human-machine interaction for wide area search munitions in the presence of target uncertainty.
Fast Intra Prediction in the Transform Domain.
Tensions in scaling-up community social media - a multi-neighborhood study of nextdoor.
Mail Monitoring MIB.
Image denoising using dual tree statistical models for complex wavelet transform coefficient magnitudes.
A Survey on Statistical-based Parallel Corpus Alignment.
The 50 Most Downloaded Papers in Intelligent Systems in Accounting, Finance and Management in 2014.
Combination of Language Models for Word Prediction - An Exponential Approach.
Social fabric fitness - the design and evaluation of wearable E-textile displays to support group running.
Time Series Data Mining for Energy Prices Forecasting - An Application to Real Data.
Identification and predictive control of spray tower system using artificial neural network and differential evolution algorithm.
A Sensing Platform for Physiological and Contextual Feedback to Tennis Athletes.
Automata for Infinite Argumentation Structures.
The Structural Context of Team Learning - Effects of Organizational and Team Structure on Internal and External Learning.
Twitter Mining for Discovery, Prediction and Causality - Applications and Methodologies.
2nd international workshop on socio-technical congruence (STC 2009).
Global Snapshot of a Distributed System Running on Virtual Machines.
Finding All Maximal Contiguous Subsequences of a Sequence of Numbers in O(1) Communication Rounds.
Statistical analysis of a multi-objective optimization algorithm based on a model of particles with vorticity behavior.
Performability Analysis of Computer Systems - From Model Spacification to Solution.
Accounting for Privacy in Citizen Science - Ethical Research in a Context of Openness.
TIMS XXX-SOBRAPO XXIII Joint International Meeting, Performance Evaluation Cluster, 15-17 July 1991, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
e-infrastructure - a roadmap for semantic Web-based project development for civil infrastructure systems.
A Generalized Model for Indoor Location Estimation Using Environmental Sound from Human Activity Recognition.
Dynamic Sensor Management - Extending Sensor Web for Near Real-Time Mobile Sensor Integration in Dynamic Scenarios.
Semi-E-Preinvex Functions.
The colour of life - novel visualisations of population lifestyles.
s actions in pilots and non-pilots on a complex glider landing task.
On Unimodular Matrices of Difference Operators.
Reverse Engineering Feature Models with Evolutionary Algorithms - An Exploratory Study.
Neural correlates of sound externalization.
Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGKDD International Workshop on Urban Computing, UrbComp@KDD 2013, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 11, 2013
Transmisión de video simultaneo en ancho de banda limitado aplicando esteganografía.
Large-scale multi-flow regular expression matching on FPGA.
A Framework to Design Fault-Tolerant Mechatronics Systems Under Uncertainty.
PATRIC as a unique resource for studying antimicrobial resistance.
A multilevel modular DC-DC converter topology.
Fault Characterization and Mitigation Strategies in Desktop Cloud Systems.
Solving Systems of Linear Equations - Locally and Asynchronously.
A Stochastic Channel Model With Dual Mobility for 5G Massive Networks.
Evaluating Consistency of Snow Water Equivalent Retrievals from Passive Microwave Sensors over the North Central U. S. - SSM/I vs. SSMIS and AMSR-E vs. AMSR2.
Designs and comparisons of authentication modules for IPSec in configurable and extensible embedded processor.
Tuning of Adaptive Weight Depth Map Generation Algorithms - Exploratory Data Analysis and Design of Computer Experiments (DOCE).
 Dilemma.
The Glass Class - Designing Wearable Interfaces.
Quality-of-Service for Consistency of Data Geo-replication in Cloud Computing.
Evolution of Things
Evaluating Local Disaster Recovery Strategies.
Exploring the knowledge contained in neuroimages - Statistical discriminant analysis and automatic segmentation of the most significant changes.
IMP Science Gateway - from the Portal to the Hub of Virtual Experimental Labs in e-Science and Multiscale Courses in e-Learning.
Detecting Out-of-Phase Ventilation Using 4DCT to Improve Radiation Therapy for Lung Cancer.
e-Healthcare Security Solution Framework.
Tract-based spatial statistics - Voxelwise analysis of multi-subject diffusion data.
Prostate Brachytherapy Seed Reconstruction Using C-Arm Rotation Measurement and Motion Compensation.
Introduction to E-justice and E-law Minitrack.
Mining Task-Based Social Networks to Explore Collaboration in Software Teams.
The Effect of Applying 2D Enhancement Algorithms on 3D Video Content.
DeepAMR for predicting co-occurrent resistance of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
An Application of ARX Stochastic Models to Iris Recognition.
Comparing the Influence of Simulated Experimental Errors on 12 Machine Learning Algorithms in Bioactivity Modeling Using 12 Diverse Data Sets.
Modeling and evaluating user behavior in exploratory visual analysis.
Is My Student at the Other Side? Applying Biometric Web Authentication to E-Learning Environments.
Equalizer Design and Performance Trade-Offs in ADC-Based Serial Links.
S Duplex - Pretending to be human.
S duplex - Pretending to be human.
ISAFM paper of the year for 2018.
A Statistical Sampling Strategy for Iris Recognition.
An Integrated e-Recruitment System for CV Ranking based on AHP.
Videophone to improve communication between intellectual handicapped and their relatives.
Features of Optical Interconnects in Distributed-Shared Memory Organized MIMD Architectures - The Ultimate Goal.
Managing uncertainty in potential supplier identification.
Designing Sensory-Inclusive Virtual Play Spaces for Children.
Syntax and semantics of the compositional interchange format for hybrid systems.
A case study of applying data mining to sensor data for contextual requirements analysis.
A study of heuristic guesses for adiabatic quantum computation.
N3 - A Geometrical Approach for Network Intrusion Detection at the Application Layer.
Higher-order algorithms for nonlinearly parameterized adaptive control.
Scaling up a hybrid genetic linear programming algorithm for statistical disclosure control.
Análise da Formação e Evolução de Times de Desenvolvimento no Hibernate-ORM.
Memristor-Based Neural Logic Blocks for Nonlinearly Separable Functions.
Translingual Neurostimulation in Late Residual Stage Cerebral Palsy Children Treatment Affects Functional Brain Networks.
The linear neuron as marker selector and clinical predictor in cancer gene analysis.
PET imaging of dopamine D3 receptors in humans with [11C]-(+)-PHNO - dissection of PHNO signal using two highly selective D3 antagonists.
Social recommendation and visual analysis on the TV.
Spatially constrained hierarchical parcellation of the brain with resting-state fMRI.
EEG seizure detection and prediction algorithms - a survey.
Neural-Network Scoring Functions Identify Structurally Novel Estrogen-Receptor Ligands.
Topological approaches to generalized definitions of rough multiset approximations.
Participation and Mode Preferences in a Questionnaire Study.
3D hp-adaptive finite element simulations of bend, step, and magic-T electromagnetic waveguide structures.
Intelligent Approach to Minimizing Power Consumption in a Cloud-Based System Collecting Sensor Data and Monitoring the Status of Powered Wheelchairs.
Clustering Users by Their Mobility Behavioral Patterns.
Queueing Network Models for Load Balancing in Distributed Systems.
The ICESat-2 Laser Altimetry Mission.
Discriminative methods based on sparse representations of pulse oximetry signals for sleep apnea-hypopnea detection.
A novel dual band tunable balanced handset antenna for WLAN application.
An electrophysiological validation of stochastic DCM for fMRI.
TANGRAM-II - A Performability Modeling Environment Tool.
Contraction Metrics in Adaptive Nonlinear Control.
Some issues in blockchain for accounting and the supply chain, with an application of distributed databases to virtual organizations.
Nothing to fear? Neural systems supporting avoidance behavior in healthy youths.
Building a Surveillance System from EHR Data - The NYC Experience.
Action recognition based on sparse motion trajectories.
Landscape analysis under measurement error.
General Strategy Support in Soft E-Business Process Negotiation.
Integrating ontologies of rare diseases and radiological diagnosis.
A One-Class NIDS for SDN-Based SCADA Systems.
Use of historic metabolic biotransformation data as a means of anticipating metabolic sites using MetaPrint2D and Bioclipse.
Value Driven Outcomes (VDO) - a pragmatic, modular, and extensible software framework for understanding and improving health care costs and outcomes.
 challenges.
29.1 A 64Gb/s 1.4pJ/b NRZ optical-receiver data-path in 14nm CMOS FinFET.
Simulação de sistemas distribuídos híbridos e dinâmicos.
Agro 4.0 - A Green Information System for Sustainable Agroecosystem Management.
Provable Emergent Pattern Formation by a Swarm of Anonymous, Homogeneous, Non-Communicating, Reactive Robots with Limited Relative Sensing and no Global Knowledge or Positioning.
Modified Shared Circuits Model for Manufacturing Processes Control - - From Psychology and Neuroscience to a Computational Solution.
Cross-Checking - Enhanced Over-Approximation of the Reachable Global State Space of Component-Based Systems.
A hybrid genetic algorithm for color image denoising.
Correction on Iliyasu, A.M. et al. Hybrid Quantum-Classical Protocol for Storage and Retrieval of Discrete-Valued Information. Entropy, 2014, 16, 3537-3551.
D Center.
Asymptotic Limits of Negative Group Delay in Active Resonator-Based Distributed Circuits.
Hybrid Quantum-Classical Protocol for Storage and Retrieval of Discrete-Valued Information.
Clasificador de pigmentación de la ballena azul aplicando el método SIFT en medios no controlados.
Computational power and generative capacity of genetic systems.
Subfield-subcodes of Generalized Toric codes.
Global Communications Newsletter.
Transcranial focal electrical stimulation reduces seizure activity and hippocampal glutamate release during status epilepticus.
Fisher information matrix for branching processes with application to electron-multiplying charge-coupled devices.
Dopaminergic Gene Polymorphisms Affect Long-term Forgetting in Old Age - Further Support for the Magnification Hypothesis.
Identifying in vivo DCE MRI parameters correlated with ex vivo quantitative microvessel architecture - A radiohistomorphometric approach.
An Ongoing Project to Improve the Rectilinear and the Pseudolinear Crossing Constants.
Face authentication using graph-based low-rank representation of facial local structures for mobile vision applications.
Do forecasts expressed as prediction intervals improve production planning decisions?
Convergence of the Huber Regression M-Estimate in the Presence of Dense Outliers.
Social Media in DMSS System Development and Management.
Language experience differentiates prefrontal and subcortical activation of the cognitive control network in novel word learning.
Population diversity index - a new measure for population diversity.
Improving the usability of Eclipse for novice programmers.
s conjugate gradient method.
Aggregate simulation modeling of an MRI department using effective process times.
Efficient Distributed Search for Multicast Session Keywords.
A First-Order Model for Depolarization of Propagating Signals by Narrowband Ricean Fading Channels.
Prostate segmentation in MRI using a convolutional neural network architecture and training strategy based on statistical shape models.
Receiver operating characteristic - A tool for cell confluence estimation.
Combining system success factors with trust to explain e-government adoption using fsQCA.
Tool wear monitoring using neuro-fuzzy techniques - a comparative study in a turning process.
Impact of SDN Controllers Deployment on Network Availability.
Advances in New Technologies, Interactive Interfaces and Communicability - Design, E-Commerce, E-Learning, E-Health, E-Tourism, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0.
Non-branching Interactive Comics.
Implementing the Availability Model of a Software-Defined Backbone Network in Möbius.
Character Animation Scripting Environment.
Numerical simulation of air pollution due to traffic flow in urban networks.
Exploiting the Functional Training Approach in Takagi-Sugeno Neuro-fuzzy Systems.
s performance using kinect-based skeleton tracking.
Quantitative Modelling of Digital Ecosystems.
Conducting Qualitative Research in an International and Distributed Research Team - Challenges and Lessons Learned.
Balance in signed networks.
Calibrating building energy models using supercomputer trained machine learning agents.
Descent polynomials.
Task Programming Methodology for Powered Wheelchairs.
Compressed quantitative MRI - Bloch response recovery through iterated projection.
Understanding urban landuse from the above and ground perspectives - a deep learning, multimodal solution.
How users search and what they search for in the medical domain - Understanding laypeople and experts through query logs.
Distributed energy storage unit-based active demand response for residential loads.
Personalization in Serious and Persuasive Games and Gamified Interactions.
Cooperative effects on the formation of supramolecular synthons of thiohydantoin derivatives.
Kaibel column - Modeling, optimization, and conceptual design of multi-product dividing wall columns.
Flutuações conceituais, percepções visuais e suas repercussões na representação informacional e documental da fotografia para formulação do conceito de Informação fotográfica digital.
Efficient IoT-based sensor BIG Data collection-processing and analysis in smart buildings.
Automated Waterline Extraction for Optimal Land Use - A Case Study in Crete.
 Attitudes Towards E-Learning for E-health Education.
Road shape recognition based on scene self-similarity.
Influence of BII Backbone Substates on DNA Twist - A Unified View and Comparison of Simulation and Experiment for All 136 Distinct Tetranucleotide Sequences.
A dependency-driven formulation of parareal - parallel-in-time solution of PDEs as a many-task application.
Interactive presentation - A decoupled architecture of processors with scratch-pad memory hierarchy.
A new computational paradigm in multiscale simulations - application to brain blood flow.
Incremental learning with temporary memory.
On-Line Operation of an Intelligent Seismic Detector.
Quantitative Reconstruction and Denoising Method HyBER for Hyperspectral Image Data and Its Application to CRISM.
Assessing survivability of smart grid distribution network designs accounting for multiple failures.
Photometric display calibration for embedded MR environments.
A limited memory descent Perry conjugate gradient method.
A stable software model for MRI visual analyzer.
A matrix approach for the semiclassical and coherent orthogonal polynomials.
Assisting Seismic Image Interpretations with Hyperknowledge.
A Single-Shot Approach Using an LSTM for Moving Object Path Prediction.
In-network cooperative spectrum sensing.
The application of bus-split method for aggregating distributed generation units.
Self-Adaptation of Mutation Operator and Probability for Permutation Representations in Genetic Algorithms.
Development of undergraduate and graduate programs in computational science.
Virtualization of open-source secure web services to support data exchange in a pediatric critical care research network.
Database integration of protocol-specific neurological imaging datasets.
Crossing-Lines Registration for Direct Electromagnetic Navigation.
Performance analysis of coordinated cognitive radio networks under fixed-rate traffic with hard delay constraints.
Harnessing Vehicle-to-Pedestrian (V2P) Communication Technology - Sending Traffic Warnings to Texting Pedestrians.
On a new edge function on complete weighted graphs and its application for locating Hamiltonian cycles of small weight.
Security and Privacy Trust in E-Government - Understanding System and Relationship Trust Antecedents.
Analysis of social metrics in dynamic networks - measuring the influence with FRINGE.
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Mission.
A Needs Assessment of Critical Care Physicians - Data Presentation for Anemia as a Prototypical Clinical Problem.
Fundamental performance limits for ideal decoders in high-dimensional linear inverse problems.
Fusing Georeferenced and Stereoscopic Image Data for 3D Building Façade Reconstruction.
Distributed RRM for 5G Multi-RAT Multiconnectivity Networks.
The diffusion of technological knowledge through interlaced networks.
Algorithms for decision problems in argument systems under preferred semantics.
Electric arc furnaces influence in power systems area.
No Risk No Trust - Investigating Perceived Risk in Highly Automated Driving.
Visualizing Large, Heterogeneous Data in Hybrid-Reality Environments.
Interorganizational collaboration and value creation in digital government projects.
Introduction to New Economic Models of the Digital Economy Minitrack.
Denominators of rational solutions of linear difference systems of an arbitrary order.
ITCM - A Real Time Internet Traffic Classifier Monitor.
 Award.
Service Embedding in IoT Networks.
Transitioning to the Pull Economy - The Case of the UK Railways.
Communities of Interest-Interest of Communities - Social and Semantic Analysis of Communities in Infrastructure Discussion Networks.
Optimal Sampling for Feature Extraction in Iris Recognition Systems.
The TANGRAMII integrated modeling environment for computer systems and networks.
Assessing the impact of corporate board independence and diversity on team decision-making.
Analyzing Typical Mobile Gestures in mHealth Applications for Users with Down Syndrome.
Stock price prediction using dynamic mode decomposition.
Deriving soil moisture with the combined L-band radar and radiometer measurements.
An Ensemble Model Based on Siamese Neural Networks for the Question Pairs Matching Task.
MPI-Delphi - an MPI implementation for visual programming environments and heterogeneous computing.
Prediction of hemodynamic changes towards PEEP titrations at different volemic levels using a minimal cardiovascular model.
Crop Classification in a Heterogeneous Arable Landscape Using Uncalibrated UAV Data.
Model-based identification of PEEP titrations during different volemic levels.
Using dynamic time warping of T0 contours in the evaluation of cycle-to-cycle Pitch Detection Algorithms.
Do all task dependencies require coordination? the role of task properties in identifying critical coordination needs in software projects.
A System for MR-Ultrasound Guidance during Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy.
Study of Reactive Power Compensation Capabilities and LC Filter Design for a Multilevel Three-Phase Current-Source D-STATCOM.
Iterative Configuration Method - An Effective and Efficient Heuristic for Service Oriented Infrastructure Resource Allocation.
Modeling chunk availability in P2P swarming systems.
Multimodal Identification of Journeys.
Clustering brain-network-connectivity states using kernel partial correlations.
Electronic poster - visualizing multiscale simulation data.
Voting models in random networks.
Blood flow - multi-scale modeling and visualization.
Trade-Off Between Prediction Accuracy and Underestimation Rate in Job Runtime Estimates.
Knowledge Graph Embedding for Link Prediction and Triplet Classification.
Product Prediction with Deep Neural Networks.
Facial Expression Based Imagination Index and a Transfer Learning Approach to Detect Deception.
Efficient Large-scale Medical Data (eHealth Big Data) Analytics in Internet of Things.
AIR - A Light-Weight Yet High-Performance Dataflow Engine based on Asynchronous Iterative Routing.
Some negative results for Neural Networks.
Algorithms for Big Data Delivery over the Internet of Things.
Sampling of Alternatives in Random Regret Minimization Models.
Agent based model of the e-mini future - application for policy making.
Right on the MONEE - combining task- and environment-driven evolution.
OpenMP GNU and Intel Fortran programs for solving the time-dependent Gross-Pitaevskii equation.
Open Platform for e-Health Services.
Proteome-wide analysis of human motif-domain interactions mapped on influenza a virus.
Ready-set-transfer - exploring the technology transfer readiness of academic research projects (panel).
Indoor location based services challenges, requirements and usability of current solutions.
Automatic Prostate Brachytherapy Preplanning Using Joint Sparse Analysis.
An evaluation of Convolutional Neural Networks for music classification using spectrograms.
The Moderating Effect of Organizational Safety Climate on Text Message Use and Work-Related Accidents - An Organizational-Level Investigation.
Public e-procurement as a key-impact factor in the UE welfare context-The Italian public e-markets - Research findings and E-solutions analysis.
Simultaneous Localization And Mapping Without Linearization.
Algorithms for Big Data in Advanced Communication Systems and Cloud Computing.
A Monte Carlo Framework for Low Dose CT Reconstruction Testing.
A symmetric eight-step predictor-corrector method for the numerical solution of the radial Schrödinger equation and related IVPs with oscillating solutions.
Low power design of a multi-mode transceiver.
New social consumer? Determining factors of Facebook commerce.
Enhanced Sensitivity of Gas Sensor Based on Poly(3-hexylthiophene) Thin-Film Transistors for Disease Diagnosis and Environment Monitoring.
Matched chirp modulation - detection and performance in dispersive communication channels.
Connections between sparse estimation and robust statistical learning.
Open linked data and mobile devices as e-tourism tools. A practical approach to collaborative e-learning.
A methodology for speeding up loop kernels by exploiting the software information and the memory architecture.
Unconventional Arithmetic - A System for Computation Using Action Potentials.
Combined Radar-Radiometer Surface Soil Moisture and Roughness Estimation.
Homomorphic image encryption.
The Pathogen-Host Interactions database (PHI-base) - additions and future developments.
QuTiBench - Benchmarking Neural Networks on Heterogeneous Hardware.
Unsupervised Label Noise Modeling and Loss Correction.
Hybrid symbiotic organisms search feedforward neural network model for stock price prediction.
Effects of imperfect channel sensing and estimation on the performance of cognitive radio systems.
Classification of states of bi-stable oscillator using deep learning.
A boosted classifier for integrating multiple fields of view - Breast cancer grading in histopathology.
ENIGMA and the individual - Predicting factors that affect the brain in 35 countries worldwide.
A morphological approach for locating blood vessels in laser contrast speckle imaging.
A knowledge-guided active model method of skull segmentation on T1-weighted MR images.
Assessing Individual Health Insurance Coverage and Utilization Before and After the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
 Introduction - Global Software Development - How Far Have We Come?
Mobile agents-based data aggregation in WSNs - benchmarking itinerary planning approaches.
An experimental setup for energy efficiency evaluation of microbial fuel cells.
Filtering Association Rules with Negations on the Basis of Their Confidence Boost.
An encryption protocol for NEQR images based on one-particle quantum walks on a circle.
Staff perception towards cloud computing adoption at universities in a developing country.
L-Band Radar Estimation of Forest Attenuation for Active/Passive Soil Moisture Inversion.
Interactive Performance - Dramatic Improvisation in a Mixed Reality Environment for Learning.
Skyport - container-based execution environment management for multi-cloud scientific workflows.
Computing the Stationary Distribution Locally.
Integrating gene and protein expression data with genome-scale metabolic networks to infer functional pathways.
Commercial Use of WS-PGRADE/gUSE.
A New Type of Space Telescope for Observation of Extreme Lightning Phenomena in the Upper Atmosphere.
The impact of quality assurance assessment on diffusion tensor imaging outcomes in a large-scale population-based cohort.
Search for a grand tour of the jupiter galilean moons.
 Classification.
Characterizing coordination of grasp and twist in hand function of healthy and post-stroke subjects.
Proposed relay selection scheme for physical layer security in cognitive radio networks.
E-Government and Related Indices - Telecommunications Infrastructure, Human Capital, Institutional Efficacy, and Online Services.
An empirical study of goto in C code.
Sign lowering and phonetic reduction in American Sign Language.
Impact of Conifer Forest Litter on Microwave Emission at L-Band.
Effect of age and the APOE gene on metabolite concentrations in the posterior cingulate cortex.
Projeto D4ALL - acesso e manipulação de diagramas por pessoas com deficiência visual.
An Agent Based Voting System for E-Learning Course Selection Involving Complex Preferences.
HeartHealth - New Adventures in Serious Gaming.
Compressive spectrum sensing using chaotic matrices for cognitive radio networks.
Attractors in Frictional Systems Subjected to Periodic Loads.
Estimating 3D facial pose in video with just three points.
Distinct resting-state functional connections associated with episodic and visuospatial memory in older adults.
The Real Time Rolling Shutter.
Team Activity Recognition in Sports.
Smart Cross-Border e-Gov Systems and Applications.
Frequency-domain analytic method for efficient thermal simulation under curved trajectories laser heating.
Characteristics of multiple viewpoints in abstract argumentation.
A genomic history of Aboriginal Australia.
Parameter control - strategy or luck?
99 Cent - Price points in e-commerce.
Goal-Oriented Error Estimation and Adaptivity for Free-Boundary Problems - The Domain-Map Linearization Approach.
An MOEA-based Method to Tune EA Parameters on Multiple Objective Functions.
The influence of workload and civility of treatment on the perpetration of email incivility.
Expectation-propagation Algorithms for Linear Regression with Poisson Noise - Application to Photon-limited Spectral Unmixing.
Local feature based mammographic tissue pattern modelling and breast density classification.
Chaotic Interleaving for the Transmission of Compressed Video Frames with Self-Embedded Digital Signatures.
Video game experience predicts virtual, but not real navigation performance.
Genome-Wide Survey and Evolutionary Analysis of Trypsin Proteases in Apicomplexan Parasites.
Proceedings of the 2017 ACM on Web Science Conference, WebSci 2017, Troy, NY, USA, June 25 - 28, 2017
Utilization of Raptor Codes for OFDM-System Performance Enhancing.
An Adaptive Combiner Model for Multi-Rate Relaying Transmissions in Cognitive Systems.
DRPE Encryption with Chaotic Interleaving for Video Communication.
Emergence of bimodality in controlling complex networks.
A New Method for Encrypting Images with Few Details Using Rijndael and RC6 Block Ciphers in the Electronic Code Book Mode.
Local E-Government and E-Democracy - An Evaluation of Greek Municipalities.
Design validation for ICESat-2 space-based laser transmitter.
On the Performance of S-ALOHA and CSMA/CA Random Access Strategies for Data Exchange in Query-Based Wireless Sensor Networks - An Interest-Based Approach.
Space-directional laser speckle contrast imaging to improve blood vessels visualization.
Improving regional cyberinfrastructure services through collaboration - Cyberteam for the Rocky Mountain Advanced Computing Consortium.
Goal-Oriented Error Estimation and Adaptivity for Free-Boundary Problems - The Shape-Linearization Approach.
A self-aware processor SoC using energy monitors integrated into power converters for self-adaptation.
GenApp module execution and airavata integration.
Performance analysis of dynamic spectrum leasing strategies in coordinated cognitive radio networks.
Block Preconditioners for Coupled Physics Problems.
Tele-operator performance and their perception of system time lags when completing mobile robot tasks.
Real-Time Scalable Cortical Computing at 46 Giga-Synaptic OPS/Watt with ~100× Speedup in Time-to-Solution and ~100, 000× Reduction in Energy-to-Solution.
 Pipelined Designs.
Unification of multi-species vertebrate anatomy ontologies for comparative biology in Uberon.
s cube for efficient wireless communication.
A descent hybrid conjugate gradient method based on the memoryless BFGS update.
Future Mobility Sensing - An Intelligent Mobility Data Collection and Visualization Platform.
Modelling and Simulation of Indoor Reverse RFID Tag Localization Method Based on Mobile Antenna Reader Position.
informativité des transcriptions - une approche basée sur le résumé automatique.
Complex Envelope Second-Order Statistics in High-Altitude Platforms Communication Channels.
Computation in Dynamically Bounded Asymmetric Systems.
Supervised Multi-View Canonical Correlation Analysis (sMVCCA) - Integrating Histologic and Proteomic Features for Predicting Recurrent Prostate Cancer.
Implications of peer selection strategies by publishers on the performance of P2P swarming systems.
Analytical SLAM Without Linearization.
Social identity, electronic word-of-mouth and referrals in social network services.
A Statistical Characterization of Localization Performance in Wireless Networks.
Immersed boundary method for the MHD flows of liquid metals.
A politeness effect in learning with web-based intelligent tutors.
Multilevel Toeplitz Matrices Generated by Tensor-Structured Vectors and Convolution with Logarithmic Complexity.
Modeling Guidelines for Component-Based Supervisory Control Synthesis.
Iterative hard thresholding for compressed sensing with partially known support.
Lorentzian based iterative hard thresholding for compressed sensing.
Towards a participatory E-learning 2.0 A new E-learning focused on learners and validation of the content
Characterizing and Evaluating Adversarial Examples for Offline Handwritten Signature Verification.
Communication genres - Integrating communication into the software engineering curriculum.
BuzzWear - alert perception in wearable tactile displays on the wrist.
CHAP-E - A Plan Execution Assistant for Pilots.
 performance.
Retrieving Liquid Wat0er Path and Precipitable Water Vapor From the Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Microwave Radiometers.
Trigonometrical fitting conditions for two derivative Runge-Kutta methods.
Measurement errors in network data.
 perspectives.
Dictionary Learning for Fast Classification Based on Soft-thresholding.
Interrupt Handling Schemes in Operating Systems
An interactive and multi-level framework for summarising user generated videos.
Enhancing the Value of Research Data in Australia.
Using Dimensionality Reduction Techniques for Refining Passive Indoor Positioning Systems Based on Radio Fingerprinting.
A method to evaluate haptic interfaces for working dogs.
Towards Dynamic Bayesian Networks - State Augmentation for Online Calibration of DTA Systems.
Iterative annotation to ease neural network training - Specialized machine learning in medical image analysis.
Normalized Iterative Hard Thresholding - Guaranteed Stability and Performance.
Mammogram breast density classification using mean-elliptical local binary patterns.
Projektmanagement und Vorgehensmodelle 2017 - Die Spannung zwischen dem Prozess und den Menschen im Projekt - gemeinsame Tagung der Fachgruppen Projektmanagement (WI-PM) und Vorgehensmodelle (WI-VM) im Fachgebiet Wirtschaftsinformatik der Gesellschaft für Informatik e.V. in Kooperation mit der Fachgruppe IT-Projektmanagement der GPM e.V. - 5. und 6. Oktober 2017 in Darmstadt
Comparing the performance of various deep networks for binary classification of breast tumours.
From e-government to social network government - towards a transition model.
The integration of a novice user interface into a professional modeling tool.
Cellular Telephones and Social Interactions - Evidence of Interpersonal Surveillance.
A CMI (Cell metabolic indicator)-based controller for achieving high growth rate Escherichia coli cultures.
FLANDM - a development framework of domain-specific languages for data mining democratisation.
Exploring Geovisualization Symbology for Landscape Genetics.
2017 IEEE Education Society Awards, 2017 Frontiers in Education Conference Awards, and Selected IEEE Awards.
The Effect of CRM Outsourcing on Shareholder Value - A Contingency Perspective.
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (v3) - UTF-8 String Representation of Distinguished Names.
A model for the design of next generation e-supply chain digital forensic readiness tools.
 personal disposition to e-commerce.
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (v3) - Attribute Syntax Definitions.
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (v3).
A New Non-intrusive Assessment Method for VoLTE Quality Based on Extended E-Model.
Robust Sampling and Reconstruction Methods for Sparse Signals in the Presence of Impulsive Noise.
Orchestrating an SFC-enabled SSL/TLS traffic processing architecture using MANO.
Accuracy Estimation of a Low-Cost GPS Receiver Using Landmarks On Aerial Images.
Retrieval of high-fidelity memory arises from distributed cortical networks.
Reporting an Experience on Design and Implementation of e-Health Systems on Azure Cloud.
Interactive Learning of Monotone Boolean Functions.
Towards clinic-friendly solutions for patient trials in breast cancer phase contrast imaging.
The invariant functions and invariant-image conditions of the rational Bézier triangles.
Decision tree-based method for integrating gene expression, demographic, and clinical data to determine disease endotypes.
Scaling R Shiny Apps to Multiple Concurrent Users in a Secured HPC Environment Using Open OnDemand.
Analyzing large-scale human mobility data - a survey of machine learning methods and applications.
Segmented DP-SLAM.
INDIGO-DataCloud - A data and computing platform to facilitate seamless access to e-infrastructures.
Automatic face interpretation using fast 3D illumination-based AAM models.
Action coordination with agents - crossing roads with a computer-generated character in a virtual environment.
Analysis and visualization of the geographical distribution of atlantic forest bromeliads species.
SensoryPaint - a natural user interface supporting sensory integration in children with neurodevelopmental disorders.
Spectral clustering for divide-and-conquer graph matching.
Strategies for Including Soft Skills and Interdisciplinary Content in CS Education (Abstract Only).
Friendly-Sharing - Improving the Performance of City Sensoring through Contact-Based Messaging Applications.
Transition to Model-Driven Engineering - What Is Revolutionary, What Remains the Same?
 Approach to Managing Their Health and Healthcare.
Acousto-Optic Catheter Tracking Sensor for Interventional MRI Procedures.
Evaluation of the Omaha System Prototype Icons for Global Health Literacy.
There are more strategy-proof procedures than you think.
Compiler assisted architectural exploration framework for coarse grained reconfigurable arrays.
Savion - an interactive cognitive enhancement software for the elderly.
Modal analysis of a structure used as a capacitive MEMS accelerometer sensor.
Widely Linear System Estimation Using Superimposed Training.
Agent-based Modeling of Dynamic Pricing Scenarios to Optimize Multiple-generation Product Lines with Cannibalization.
An all-digital DLL using novel harmonic-free and multi-bit SAR techniques.
Signed Laplacian Deep Learning with Adversarial Augmentation for Improved Mammography Diagnosis.
Bio-Inspired Petal-Shape UWB Antenna for Indoor Applications.
Author Identification Using Compression Models.
Wireless Sensor Networks for Condition Monitoring in the Railway Industry - A Survey.
An exploratory study of facilitation in distributed requirements engineering.
.
RE challenges in multi-site software development organisations.
Supervisory control synthesis for a waterway lock.
A mixed integer program for flight-level assignment and speed control for conflict resolution.
Compressible Distributions for High-Dimensional Statistics.
A New Segmentation Approach in Structured Self-Organizing Maps for Image Retrieval.
Improvement in estimating the population mean in simple random sampling using information on auxiliary attribute.
Simulating the potential impacts of a 10-kiloton nuclear explosion on an electric power system serving a major city.
Energy Savings on a Cloud-Based Opportunistic Infrastructure.
Numerical mode matching for sound propagation in silencers with granular material.
Donate for credibility - how contribution incentives can improve credibility.
Analysing the optical network unit power consumption in the 10 GB-capable passive optical network systems.
e-Government in Rhode Island - what effects do templates have on usability, accessibility, and mobile readiness?
Fast Non-Negative Orthogonal Matching Pursuit.
Increasing dominance of English in publications archived by PubMed.
Designing technology for resource-constrained environments - Three approaches to a multidisciplinary capstone sequence.
An educational computer tool for simulating long-term soil erosion on agricultural landscapes.
E-Portfolio Implementations and Experiences - Didactical Functionalities of E-Portfolio in Interdisciplinary Contexts.
Importance of buffer configuration in GaN HEMTs for high microwave performance and robustness.
HDLTex - Hierarchical Deep Learning for Text Classification.
A superior hybrid fuel cell vehicle solution for congested urban areas.
A Flexible DG Interface Based on a New RLS Algorithm for Power Quality Improvement.
Simple, exact placement of data in containers.
HCI for peace - a call for constructive action.
Adaptive and personalized multimedia content delivery for disabled users in Internet TV.
HCI for peace - from idealism to concrete steps.
Legitimate E-Government - Public E-Services as a Facilitator of Political Legitimacy.
Impact of cooperative adaptive cruise control on multilane freeway merge capacity.
HARAM - A Hierarchical ARAM Neural Network for Large-Scale Text Classification.
MVPA to enhance the study of rare cognitive events - An investigation of experimental PTSD.
Citizen participation in the specification and mapping of potential disaster assets.
Automatic classification of native wood charcoal.
Repulsive Function in Potential Field Based Control with Algorithm for Safer Avoidance.
Qualitative stability of nonlinear networked systems.
Coupling visualization and data analysis for knowledge discovery from multi-dimensional scientific data.
Towards an improvement of variable interaction identification for large-scale constrained problems.
Accelerating continuous GRASP with a GPU.
Nonadiabatic Molecular Dynamics Based on Trajectories.
Data Commons to Support University-Wide Cross Discipline Research.
Effects of Self-Avatar and Gaze on Avoidance Movement Behavior.
A Platform for LifeEvent Development in a eGovernment Environment - The PLEDGE Project.
The small-world effect is a modern phenomenon.
PIM-DM Cost Analysis in Loop Free Topologies.
Multimodal diagnosis of epilepsy using conditional dependence and multiple imputation.
Chinese Open Relation Extraction and Knowledge Base Establishment.
Design and Evaluation of a Versatile Architecture for a Multilingual Word Prediction System.
Design and Processing of Invertible Orientation Scores of 3D Images for Enhancement of Complex Vasculature.
RED Based Congestion Control Mechanism for Internet Traffic at Routers.
Controlling entity state updates to maintain remote consistency within a distributed interactive application.
Multiple instance learning for histopathological breast cancer image classification.
Integrating and guiding collaboration - lessons learned in computer-supported collaborative learning research at Georgia Tech.
Deployment of an e-Infrastructure for Academic Research.
Review of Recent Type-2 Fuzzy Image Processing Applications.
Protein Ontology - a controlled structured network of protein entities.
Comparison of congruence judgment and auditory localization tasks for assessing the spatial limits of visual capture.
A Predictive Controller for Autonomous Vehicle Path Tracking.
Proceedings of the 21st International Systems and Software Product Line Conference, SPLC 2017, Volume B, Sevilla, Spain, September 25-29, 2017
Transmission Probability Strategies for Cluster-Based Event-Driven Wireless Sensor Networks.
Multi-task Learning with Weak Class Labels - Leveraging iEEG to Detect Cortical Lesions in Cryptogenic Epilepsy.
Atomic forces for geometry-dependent point multipole and Gaussian multipole models.
A Focused Mapping Study on Customization in Interactive Technologies for Autism.
Local linear estimation of residual entropy function of conditional distributions.
Effects of environmental colour on mood - a wearable LifeColour capture device.
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) Schema for Supporting the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) in White Pages.
Reporting an experience on design and implementation of e-Health systems on Azure cloud.
Literature mining of protein-residue associations with graph rules learned through distant supervision.
AirTouch - Synchronizing In-air Hand Gesture and On-body Tactile Feedback to Augment Mobile Gesture Interaction.
Applying automatic heuristic-filtering to improve hyper-heuristic performance.
Two-stage stochastic power generation scheduling in microgrids.
Pharmacokinetic characterization of compounds with increased target residence times using PET.
Video-guided versus direct laryngoscopy - considerations for using simulation to teach inexperienced medical students.
Blood vessel segmentation in retinal fundus images using Gabor filters, fractional derivatives, and Expectation Maximization.
canSAR - an updated cancer research and drug discovery knowledgebase.
Solving the PIHNA model while accounting for radiotherapy.
Understanding the Accessibility of Smartphone Photography for People with Motor Impairments.
Apparent diffusion coefficient changes in human brain during sleep - Does it inform on the existence of a glymphatic system?
Voice-onset times for Castilian Spanish initial stops.
Distributed Generation planning in smart distribution grids via a meta-heuristic approach.
A new semantic web service classification (SWSC) strategy.
Analysis of heart rate variability for predicting cardiorespiratory events in infants.
Solving Constraint-Satisfaction Problems with Distributed Neocortical-Like Neuronal Networks.
A binary neural decision table classifier.
Seism Report Analysis in a Wireless Sensor Network with Cognitive Radio Capabilities.
Invariant-geometry conditions for the rational bi-quadratic Bézier surfaces.
Studying the Effect of Selection of the Sign and Ratio in the Formation of a Signature in a Program Identification Problem.
Optimizing porous lattice structures for orthopaedic implants.
The influence of search components and problem characteristics in early life cycle class modelling.
Design and Development of Several Mobile Communication Systems for People with Hearing Disabilities.
Self-supervised learning - When is fusion of the primary and secondary sensor cue useful?
The Best of Imaging Informatics Research 2017.
Security considerations for Galois non-dual RLWE families.
s Theory of Morphogenesis - Where We Started, Where We Are and Where We Want to Go.
Engineering - upfront effort, downstream pay-back.
Resonant control for multi-cell cascaded H-Bridge topologies based on current source inverters.
Integrated solvent and process design using a SAFT-VR thermodynamic description - High-pressure separation of carbon dioxide and methane.
Research Resource IDentifiers for Key Biological Resources.
Digital Nations - Smart Cities, Innovation, and Sustainability - 16th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2017, Delhi, India, November 21-23, 2017, Proceedings
Error bounds of decision templates and support vector machines in decision fusion.
eWasted time - Redundant work during hospital admission and discharge.
Exploiting the Functional Training Approach in B-Splines.
The Reliability Issue of Computer-Aided Breast Cancer Diagnosis.
Adaptive and aberrant reward prediction signals in the human brain.
Design of a Flexible and Adaptable LMS Engine in Conformance with PoEML.
High-Tc Superconducting Electronic Devices Based on YBCO Step-Edge Grain Boundary Junctions.
Modeling and accelerated CO2 control for photosynthesis measurements.
Deep Learning and Word Embeddings for Tweet Classification for Crisis Response.
 e-government.
Convergence and cluster synchronization in networks of discrete-time and asynchronous systems.
Toward Perceiving Robots as Humans - Three Handshake Models Face the Turing-Like Handshake Test.
Voronoi-based archive sampling for robust optimisation.
Powermesh medium access control protocol.
The Design of a Mobile System for Voice e-Assessment and Vocal Hygiene e-Training.
Reducing adaptation latency for multi-concept visual perception in outdoor environments.
On the Performance of FFT/DWT/DCT-based OFDM Systems with Chaotic Interleaving and Channel Estimation Algorithms.
Making Early Predictions of the Accuracy of Machine Learning Applications
Wθg-Closed and Wδg-Closed in [0, 1]-Topological Spaces.
Data Based Stock Portfolio Construction Using Computational Intelligence.
Trends of the bonding effect on the performance of DFT methods in electric properties calculations - A pattern recognition and metric space approach on some XY2 (X = O, S and Y = H, O, F, S, Cl) molecules.
The appearance variation cue for obstacle avoidance.
Fine-tuned - Phonology and Semantics Affect First- to Second-language Zooming In.
A two-tier index architecture for fast processing large RDF data over distributed memory.
Usability of Big Data Resources in Visual Search Interfaces of Repositories Based on KOS.
Prompting people with dementia to carry out tasks - What works and why?
Context Based Predictive Information.
Disaggregation of SMOS Soil Moisture to 100 m Resolution Using MODIS Optical/Thermal and Sentinel-1 Radar Data - Evaluation over a Bare Soil Site in Morocco.
e-Science in Scandinavia - The Case of the Swedish e-Science Research Center.
Evaluation of Telerobotic Interface Components for Teaching Robot Operation.
Rare Event Simulation for non-Markovian repairable Fault Trees.
Abstractions to Support Interactions Between Self-Managed Cells.
Architecture of a Single-Chip 50 Gb/s DP-QPSK/BPSK Transceiver With Electronic Dispersion Compensation for Coherent Optical Channels.
Conceptual Framework and Architecture for Agent-Oriented Knowledge Management Supported E-Learning Systems.
Network Security and Firewall Technology - A Step to Safety of National IT Vision.
Exploratory analysis of the breakdown spots spatial distribution in metal gate/high-K/III-V stacks using functional summary statistics.
Fast detection of marker pixels in video-based motion capture systems.
Multi-resolution cell orientation congruence descriptors for epithelium segmentation in endometrial histology images.
An e-Learning System for Extracting Text Comprehension and Learning Style Characteristics.
Optimal design strategies for relative potency using the two-parameter log-logistic model.
Evaluation of the impact of extrinsic rewards on user engagement in a health promotion context.
Synthetic depth-of-field with a single-camera mobile phone.
A Two Lanes Cellular Automata Model for Traffic Flow Considering Realistic Driving Decisions.
s Edge.
Xorshift1024*, Xorshift1024+, Xorshift128+ and Xoroshiro128+ Fail Statistical Tests for Linearity.
Fast Construction of Surrogates for UQ Central to DDDAS- Application to Volcanic Ash Transport.
Dynamic indicator of intimate partner violence - self-regulatory perpetrator.
Ensuring Secure Data Input/Output Operations for SGX ENCLAVE.
Big data visual analytics for exploratory earth system simulation analysis.
MYSEA - the monterey security architecture.
First-Hop Router Selection by Hosts in a Multi-Prefix Network.
Using an e-book to teach technology - effects on student performance.
Sub-THz Imaging Using Non-Resonant HEMT Detectors.
The Mobile Hub concept - Enabling applications for the Internet of Mobile Things.
Stay or quit - IT personnel turnover in botswana.
Complexity-Based Discrepancy Measures Applied to Detection of Apnea-Hypopnea Events.
In Memoriam - Barry Cooper 1943-2015.
Performance of a Novel Algorithm for Perpendicular Magnetic Recording Simulation.
On the Use of Artificial Neural Networks for Biomedical Applications.
Finite Response and Confluence of State-based Supervisory Controllers.
Tungsten dichalcogenides as possible gas-sensing elements.
State of the art for tidal currents electric energy resources.
Laurent, Rational, and Hypergeometric Solutions of Linear q-Difference Systems of Arbitrary Order with Polynomial Coefficients.
Real-time motion detection by lateral inhibition in accumulative computation.
RAM as a Network Managed Resource.
Applying multiobjective evolutionary algorithms to dynamic software product lines for reconfiguring mobile applications.
MLBS - Transparent Data Caching in Hierarchical Storage for Out-of-Core HPC Applications.
A Knowledge Representation Framework for Integration, Classification of Multi-Scale Imaging and Non-Imaging Data - Preliminary Results in Predicting Prostate Cancer Recurrence by Fusing Mass Spectrometry and Histology.
Knowledge Representation of Protein PTMs and Complexes in the Protein Ontology - Application to Multi-Faceted Disease Analysis.
Design and performance analysis of wireless body area networks in complex indoor e-Health hospital environments for patient remote monitoring.
Order matrix transformations on some Banach lattice valued sequence spaces.
Analysis and Design of Discrete Part Production Lines.
Modeling wildland fire propagation with level set methods.
Fuzzy Treatment of Candidate Outliers in Measurements.
An Exponentially Fitted Method for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
Hand2Face - Automatic Synthesis and Recognition of Hand Over Face Occlusions.
Maximally permissive distributed supervisory control of nondeterministic discrete-event systems.
Novel method of chaotic systems evaluation for implementations of encryption algorithms.
One-Switch Independence for Multiattribute Utility Functions.
HyperCast - Hyperspectral satellite image broadcasting with band ordering optimization.
Interactive surveillance event detection at TRECVid2012.
A new model of opinion dynamics for social actors with multiple interdependent attitudes and prejudices.
Which Networks are Least Susceptible to Cascading Failures?
t communicate.
Demo abstract - Monitoring co-movement of smart objects using accelerometer data.
Learning Supervised PageRank with Gradient-Based and Gradient-Free Optimization Methods.
Evaluation of different feature sets in an OCR free method for word spotting in printed documents.
Advanced Circuit Simulation Using Multisim Workbench
Patient preferences toward an interactive e-consent application for research using electronic health records.
GALPROP WebRun - An internet-based service for calculating galactic cosmic ray propagation and associated photon emissions.
Improving Brightness Temperature Measurements Near Coastal Areas for SMAP.
Two-stage processing system for the detection and on-site localization of acoustic emissions.
Multi-atlas-based automatic 3D segmentation for prostate brachytherapy in transrectal ultrasound images.
Erratum to - Increasing quasiconcave co-radiant functions with applications in mathematical economics.
The AXES PRO video search system.
Stability analysis and control of virus spread over time-varying networks.
Information cost for the state reconstruction of linear time invariant systems.
An information retrieval approach to identifying infrequent events in surveillance video.
Examining the Effects of TAM Constructs on Organizational Software Acquisition Decision.
c-M2DP - A Fast Point Cloud Descriptor with Color Information to Perform Loop Closure Detection.
An Open Architecture to Support Social and Health Services in a Smart TV Environment.
Bioethics, knowledge construction and e-learning - new challenges to the Bioethics teaching (Bioética, construção de conhecimento e e-learning - novos desafios ao ensino da Bioética).
Toward automated evaluation of interactive segmentation.
3D Printed Models and Navigation for Skull Base Surgery - Case Report and Virtual Validation.
Toward an End-to-End Framework for Modeling, Monitoring and Anomaly Detection for Scientific Workflows.
Neurophysiological correlates of age-related changes in working memory updating.
Integration of color and texture cues in a rough set-based segmentation method.
s digital compass.
Comparing active vision models.
Architecture of the Protected Cloud Data Storage Using Intel SGX Technology.
Position Tracking in 3D Space Based on a Data of a Single Camera.
Accuracy of Chest Wall Tumor Resection Guided by Navigation - Experimental Model.
Predictive voltage control with imposed source current waveforms in an indirect matrix converter.
Organizações e Iniciativas Nacionais e Internacionais em Prol da Qualidade no Software.
Enhancing the performance of MIMO space time coding systems using a Rake receiver based on continuoues wavelet transform.
Evaluation of Hierarchical Interestingness Measures for Mining Pairwise Generalized Association Rules.
Change Happens - Book Selling, Libraries, and E-Readers.
Combining inertial and visual sensing for human action recognition in tennis.
Improvement of E-learning quality by means of a recommendation system.
A note on the modified simple equation method applied to Sharma-Tasso-Olver equation.
Exact solutions for the nonlinear Schrödinger equation with variable coefficients using the generalized extended tanh-function, the sine-cosine and the exp-function methods.
Optical and wireless network convergence in 5G systems - an experimental approach.
Tidal volume monitoring by a set of tetrapolar impedance measurements selected from the 16-electrodes arrangement used in electrical impedance tomography (EIT) technique. Calibration equations in a group of healthy males.
Resource allocation in a dynamically partitionable bus network using a graph coloring algorithm.
Experiences with a CANoe-based fault injection framework for AUTOSAR.
Adaptive Gain Control Strategy for Constant Optical Flow Divergence Landing.
A Brief Overview of the DCS Distributed Conferencing System.
Nurturing student leadership skills.
Guiltiness - A practical approach for quantifying virtual network functions performance.
Evaluating the use of sub-gigahertz wireless technologies to improve message delivery in opportunistic networks.
Evaluation of interest point detectors for image information extraction.
Towards laws of the 3d-printable design web.
The Synthesis of Time Optimal Supervisors by Using Heaps-of-Pieces.
Identifying Dynamics of Brain Function Via Boolean Matrix Factorization.
High-Speed FPGA Implementation of Secure Hash Algorithm for IPSec and VPN Applications.
DeepSDCS - Dissecting cancer proliferation heterogeneity in Ki67 digital whole slide images.
Coulomb Few-body Systems in the Framework of a Set of Coupled Integral-Differential Equations - Application to e-e+e-.
A novel hybrid finite control set model predictive control scheme with reduced switching.
Detecting asymmetry in the presence of symmetry with maximum likelihood three-dimensional reconstructions of viruses from electron microscope images.
Early experiences in developing and managing the neuroscience gateway.
s Zeitgeist.
Towards a Formal Definition of a Computing Cloud.
Optical Force Sensing In Minimally Invasive Robotic Surgery.
Automated detection of endotracheal tubes in paediatric chest radiographs.
Measuring normality in HTTP traffic for anomaly-based intrusion detection.
Control of a multirotor outdoor aerial manipulator.
Transport mode assessment for inbound logistics - A study based on coffee industry.
A structured equation model of collaborative community response.
A Graphical Approach to Prove Contraction of Nonlinear Circuits and Systems.
s Adoption Decisions.
Image Space Rendering of Point Clouds Using the HPR Operator.
Fostering a Learning Community in MOOCs.
Fitting a Model to Behavior Tells Us What Changes Cognitively when under Stress and with Caffeine.
Research and reality - The evolution of Open Network API standards.
Learning vector quantization for variable ordering in constraint satisfaction problems.
A vision-enhanced multisensor LBS suitable for augmented reality applications.
Software Services for e-World - 10th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2010, Buenos Aires, Argentina, November 3-5, 2010. Proceedings
HeMoLab - Hemodynamics Modelling Laboratory - An application for modelling the human cardiovascular system.
Modulation of the N30 generators of the somatosensory evoked potentials by the mirror neuron system.
HyperNEAT Versus RL PoWER for Online Gait Learning in Modular Robots.
RefSeq - an update on mammalian reference sequences.
Facial Expression Recognition Using Human to Animated-Character Expression Translation.
An Expert System on Detection, Evaluation and Treatment of Hypertension.
Development of a Weather Forecasting Code - A Case Study.
The Role of Context in Transport Prediction.
Near-optimal heuristics for schedulings on task-dependent machines.
Dynamic Ontology Mapping for Interacting Autonomous Systems.
Embedding AI and Crowdsourcing in the Big Data Lake.
Modulated measurement matrix design for compressed sensing.
Stock Price Forecasting Using Symbiotic Organisms Search Trained Neural Networks.
Cubic Satellites, Vanguard Technology Integration, an Educational Opportunity of Modernization in Mexico.
Combining static and dynamic analysis for the reverse engineering of web applications.
Knowledge Work Through Social Media Applications - Team Performance Implications of Immersive Virtual Worlds.
Blind separation of audio signals using trigonometric transforms and wavelet denoising.
Data Collection Schemes for Animal Monitoring Using WSNs-Assisted by UAVs - WSNs-Oriented or UAV-Oriented.
Projection-Based Phase Features for Localization of a Needle Tip in 2D Curvilinear Ultrasound.
Back to Basics - Facilitating Engagement in Modern Work Environments.
Negotiation protocol based on ordered weighted averaging and Fuzzy metrics.
Measurements and characterization of traffic in a university environment.
Heritability of brain volume change and its relation to intelligence.
An assessment of search-based techniques for reverse engineering feature models.
Speech rate estimation in disordered speech based on spectral landmark detection.
A Distributed, Parametric Platform for Constructing Secure SBoxes in Block Cipher Designs.
E-mission - Automated transportation emission calculation using smartphones.
Data Farming Process and Initial Network Analysis Capabilities.
Centralised and Distributed Optimization for Aggregated Flexibility Services Provision.
An Initialization Technique for the Waveform-Relaxation Circuit Simulation.
Equalization and blind CFO estimation for performance enhancement of OFDM communication systems using discrete cosine transform.
Texting while walking - an evaluation of mini-qwerty text input while on-the-go.
Encryption of speech signal with multiple secret keys in time and transform domains.
Continuous and Collaborative Validation - A Field Study of Requirements Knowledge in Agile.
Joint low-complexity equalization and CFO estimation and compensation for UWA-OFDM communication systems.
On the scalability of P2P swarming systems.
Dialogical Interactions concerning the Scientific Content using the Planning Tool, the Argumentation Tool and Face to Face Communication.
ABCD rule and pre-trained CNNs for melanoma diagnosis.
 - the role of interdisciplinary work in social media research.
Use of the X.500 Directory to support mapping between X.400 and RFC 822 Addresses.
MultiMedia Modeling - 20th Anniversary International Conference, MMM 2014, Dublin, Ireland, January 6-10, 2014, Proceedings, Part II
A Study of Sustainability Adoption Trends in the Transportation Market.
MultiMedia Modeling - 20th Anniversary International Conference, MMM 2014, Dublin, Ireland, January 6-10, 2014, Proceedings, Part I
SMEs, IT, and the Third Space - Colonization and Creativity in the Theatre Industry.
Automatic and Incremental Product Optimization for Software Product Lines.
Higher dimensional inverse problem for a multi-connected bounded domain with piecewise smooth Robin boundary conditions and its physical applications.
Representing Tables and Subtrees in the X.500 Directory.
Representing the O/R Address hierarchy in the X.500 Directory Information Tree.
Inverse problems for a general multi-connected bounded drum with applications in physics.
The wave equation approach to an inverse problem for a general multi-connected domain in R2 with mixed boundary conditions.
Observed relationships between size measures of the internet.
Higher dimensional inverse problem of the wave equation for a general multi-connected bounded domain with a finite number of smooth mixed boundary conditions.
Evaluation of Different Strategies to Optimize an HMM-Based Character Recognition System.
On hearing the shape of a general multi-connected vibrating membrane in R2 with piecewise smooth positive functions in the Robin boundary conditions.
Modelling and correction of multipath interference in time of flight cameras.
Autominder - an intelligent cognitive orthotic system for people with memory impairment.
Robust heavy-traffic approximations for service systems facing overdispersed demand.
SIeSTA - Aid Technology and e-Service Integrated System.
Effective use of analytic DSS and job performance - Looking beyond technology acceptance.
Genetic programming based Choquet integral for multi-source fusion.
The mouse Gene Expression Database (GXD) - 2014 update.
A real distinct poles rational approximation of generalized Mittag-Leffler functions and their inverses - Applications to fractional calculus.
The efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation to prefrontal areas is related to underlying cortical morphology.
Gradual transition from intermittent to continuous water supply based on multi-criteria optimization for network sector selection.
AFCAL and the Emergence of Computer Science in France - 1957-1967.
Twenty Plus Years of Distance Learning - Lessons Learned.
In Memorium - Thomas Hilker.
Expanding Virtual Reality to Teach Ultrasound Skills to Nurse Practitioner Students.
Consid{é}rant la d{é}pendance dans la th{é}orie des fonctions de croyance.
Experiencing SenseCam - a case study interview exploring seven years living with a wearable camera.
Nimbus - a design-driven analyses suite for amplicon-based NGS data.
Output-feedback control of nonlinear systems using control contraction metrics and convex optimization.
Packet-switched network selection with the highest QoS in 4G networks.
Packaging design of the IBM System z10 Enterprise Class platform central electronic complex.
An Energy Efficient IP over WDM Network.
Statistical Tuning of Adaptive-Weight Depth Map Algorithm.
Miniaturization of UWB Antennas and its Influence on Antenna-Transceiver Performance in Impulse-UWB Communication.
Integration of Sustainability Issues during Early Design Stages in a Global Supply Chain Context.
A Scalable and Secure MANET for an i-Voting System.
Decision Making on the Labor and Delivery Unit - An Investigation of Influencing Factors.
A survey on teaching of software product lines.
Over My Hand - Using a Personalized Hand in VR to Improve Object Size Estimation, Body Ownership, and Presence.
A Learning-Based Approach to Artificial Sensory Feedback.
Optimal process in electric arc furnaces.
s disease using evolutionary algorithms.
Floral tissue of Petunia hybrida (V30) expresses only one member of the chalcone synthase multigene family.
Bringing AI to E-learning - The Case of a Modular, Highly Adaptive System.
Computed Tomography as Ground Truth for Stereo Vision Measurements of Skin.
Accelerating bioinspired lateral interaction in accumulative computation for real-time moving object detection with graphics processing units.
SPEC ACCEL - A Standard Application Suite for Measuring Hardware Accelerator Performance.
Dictionary learning for sparse approximations with the majorization method.
Stepwise Disaggregation of SMAP Soil Moisture at 100 m Resolution Using Landsat-7/8 Data and a Varying Intermediate Resolution.
Pre-Implementation Study of a Nursing e-Chart - How Nurses Use Their Time.
Parametric dictionary design for sparse coding.
Special issue on Numerical Analysis of Fluid Flow and Heat Transfer - Preface.
Instantaneous heart rate as a robust feature for sleep apnea severity detection using deep learning.
The Current State of Business Intelligence in Academia.
Photonic network Design Based on Reference Circuits.
A Real-Time Interactive Augmented Reality Depth Estimation Technique for Surgical Robotics.
Achieving real data security via community self-enforcement.
Experimental Verification of Optimized Multiscroll Chaotic Oscillators Based on Irregular Saturated Functions.
Spatio-temporal query contextualization for microtext retrieval in social media.
Analysis of the relationship between coexpression domains and chromatin 3D organization.
Development of a web-based intervention for the indicated prevention of depression.
CSER and eMERGE - current and potential state of the display of genetic information in the electronic health record.
The Arts and Humanities e-Science Initiative in the UK.
In-situ measurement of non-steady flows using optical feedback interferometry.
Patient-Centered Outcomes Research in Practice - The CAPriCORN Infrastructure.
 of Functions in Distributed Computer Systems.
Fully Adaptive Radar for Variable Resolution Imaging.
Evaluation of feature selection for anomaly detection in automotive E/E architectures.
Washability of e-textile stretch sensors and sensor insulation.
Conceptual Framework for the Interoperability Requirements of Collaborative Planning Process.
Global software development - where are we headed?
A Novel Cell Orientation Congruence Descriptor for Superpixel Based Epithelium Segmentation in Endometrial Histology Images.
What happens with a proportional fair cellular scheduling when D2D communications underlay a cellular network?
L-band active / passive time series measurements over a growing season using the ComRAD ground-based SMAP simulator.
PDE-based robust robotic navigation.
Evaluation of a Psychomotor Vigilance Task for Touch Screen Devices.
Optimization-Based Influencing of Village Social Networks in a Counterinsurgency.
Analysis and extraction of sentence-level paraphrase sub-corpus in CS education.
Bird phrase segmentation by entropy-driven change point detection.
Finding the Level of Useful Signals on Interpretation of Magnetic and Eddy-Current Defectograms.
Prostate segmentation in transrectal ultrasound using magnetic resonance imaging priors.
Computation of the eigenvalues of the Schrödinger equation by exponentially-fitted Runge-Kutta-Nyström methods.
Field-programmable gate array-based laboratory oriented to control theory courses.
 answer.
An Efficient Algorithm for Finding the Level of Useful Signals on Interpretation of Magnetic and Eddy Current Defectograms.
Near Real-time Data Analysis of Core-collapse Supernova Simulations with Bellerophon.
Toward transforming business continuity services.
Residual Energy-Based Strategies for the Transmission Probability and Duty-Cycle Selection in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Mobile music touch - mobile tactile stimulation for passive learning.
On the Solution of the Eigenvalue Assignment Problem for Discrete-Time Systems.
Transmission Characteristics Evaluation Under Bad Weather Conditions in Optical Wireless Links with Different Optical Transmission Windows.
Specialized CSIRT for Incident Response Management in Smart Grids.
Robust pedestrian detection and tracking in crowded scenes.
TeraGrid - Analysis of Organization, System Architecture, and Middleware Enabling New Types of Applications.
A movement activity recognition pervasive system for patient monitoring in ambient assisted living.
Radar walking speed measurements of seniors in their apartments - Technology for fall prevention.
Is there time for Software Testing in the Indie Games Development? - A survey with practitioners of the game industry.
Sheri V.T. Ross and Sarah W. Sutton. Guide to Electronic Resource Management. Santa Barbara, Calif. - Libraries Unlimited, 2016. 159p. Paper, $55 (ISBN 978-1-4408-3958-0). LC 2015037581.
Quantum Image Processing
Mississippi River and Campeche Bank (Gulf of Mexico) Episodes of Cross-Shelf Export of Coastal Waters Observed with Satellites.
Enhancing protective role-playing behaviors through avatar-based scenarios.
Under Lock and Key? Setting up a Secure Data Center at GESIS in Germany.
Rapid GPS-based determination of earthquake displacement field and magnitude for tsunami propagation modeling and warning.
The evolutionary origins of Lévy walk foraging.
Poles of Archimedean zeta functions for analytic mappings.
iSchedule - Campus-scale HVAC Scheduling via Mobile WiFi Monitoring.
 effective use of e-learning platforms.
Generalizations of E-convex and B-vex functions.
Record-high and robust capacity versus reach performance of adaptive real-time dual-band optical OFDM signals for upgrading legacy MMF systems.
The Effect of Mobility on the User-Level Fairness of a 3G Wireless Technology (EV-DO).
Accelerating Block Coordinate Descent for Nonnegative Tensor Factorization.
Inexact Sequence Mapping Study Cases - Hybrid GPU Computing and Memory Demanding Indexes.
Exploring the role of requirements engineering in improving risk management.
Robust doa estimation and data detection for mobile communication in multipath environment.
Record-High Performance Trantenna Based On Asymmetric Nano-Ring Fet For Polarization-Independent Large-Scale/Real-Time Thz Imaging.
Enhanced service availability and resource utilisation by means of composite radio systems management.
t more companies doing it?
The 2016 Humanitarian Robotics and Automation Technology Challenge [Competitions].
A holistic model of the performance and the energy efficiency of hypervisors in a high-performance computing environment.
Beyond the RSSI value in BLE-based passive indoor localization - let data speak.
Individualized model discovery - The case of anemia patients.
D into Adversary Modeling for Active Cyber Defense.
Deciding Graph non-Hamiltonicity via a Closure Algorithm.
Review of the Book Vehicular Networking [Book Review].
Prediction intervals of future observations for a sample of random size from any continuous distribution.
A Big Data system supporting Bosch Braga Industry 4.0 strategy.
REVE 2018 - 6th international workshop on reverse variability engineering.
Nutritional status, brain network organization, and general intelligence.
Motion segmentation using GPCA techniques and optical flow.
Using the Surface Reflectance MODIS Terra Product to Estimate Turbidity in Tampa Bay, Florida.
Efficient Image Communication in PAPR Distortion Cases.
Using preventive measures for the purpose of assuring information security of wireless communication channels.
You are where you e-mail - using e-mail data to estimate international migration rates.
Influence of algorithmic parameters on marker selection in genomic datasets.
Representing Tables and Subtrees in the X.500 Directory.
A Liver Atlas Using the Special Euclidean Group.
Representing the O/R Address hierarchy in the X.500 Directory Information Tree.
The CONNECT project - Combining macro- and micro-structure.
Web-based visual analytics for extreme scale climate science.
An automated real-time people tracking system based on KLT features detection.
Storage and Mirroring in Single and Dual Section Metro WDM Rings under Different Traffic Scenarios.
Improving spatial codification in semantic segmentation.
Timing Driven Placement Using Complete Path Delays.
Knowledge Transfer for Writer Identification.
Optimal DG placement for minimizing power loss in distribution feeder systems using sensory-deprived optimization algorithm.
An Improved Communications in Cyber Physical System Architecture, Protocols and Applications.
Enhanced multi-protocol analysis via intelligent supervised embedding (EMPrAvISE) - detecting prostate cancer on multi-parametric MRI.
A Revised Knowledge Pyramid.
Optimal language learning from positive data.
A 3-D Split Manufacturing Approach to Trustworthy System Development.
Assessing sentence scoring techniques for extractive text summarization.
 Trust of the Review and Corresponding Product Evaluations in E-commerce Context.
Addressing bias from non-random missing attributes in health data.
Exploring Textures in Traffic Matrices to Classify Data Center Communications.
Rank aggregation methods comparison - A case for triage prioritization.
PRACE - A Taxi Recommender for Finding Passengers with Deep Learning Approaches.
Real-Time Extraction of Colored Segments for Robot Visual Navigation.
Continuous non-negative matrix factorization for time-dependent data.
NIEP - NFV Infrastructure Emulation Platform.
Portable antenatal ultrasound platform for village midwives.
Legally Bound? Data Protection Legislation and Research Practice.
Residual Replacement in Mixed-Precision Iterative Refinement for Sparse Linear Systems.
Fast Finger Vein Recognition Based on Sparse Matching Algorithm under a Multicore Platform for Real-Time Individuals Identification.
Smart Sensor Efficient Signal Processing for Earthquake Early Detection.
A comparison between FFT and MCT for period measurement with an ARM microcontroller.
Building a transportation information system using only GPS and basic SMS infrastructure.
Phenological Characterization of Desert Sky Island Vegetation Communities with Remotely Sensed and Climate Time Series Data.
Erratum to - On the Influence of the Propagation Channel in the Performance of Energy-Efficient Geographic Routing Algorithms for Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN).
Distributed Rate Control for Smart Solar Arrays.
Supporting adaptive and irregular parallelism for non-linear numerical optimization.
Big Data and Privacy - Emerging Issues.
Automated derivation of the adjoint of high-level transient finite element programs
Performance analysis and comparison of burst transmission schemes in unsaturated 802.11e WLANs.
On the Influence of the Propagation Channel in the Performance of Energy-Efficient Geographic Routing Algorithms for Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN).
s disease.
Time-efficient estimation of the magnetic resonance dispersion model parameters for quantitative assessment of angiogenesis.
Unifying Robot Trajectory Tracking with Control Contraction Metrics.
Improving the robustness and performance of parallel joins over distributed systems.
Empirical evaluation of bias field correction algorithms for computer-aided detection of prostate cancer on T2w MRI.
Mining disease integrated ontology.
s SAMU - Qualifying and Improving Care.
Mapping longitudinal studies to risk factors in an ontology for dementia.
Efficient and Robust Skeleton-Based Quality Assessment and Abnormality Detection in Human Action Performance.
E-Democracy - Citizen Rights in the World of the New Computing Paradigms - 6th International Conference, E-Democracy 2015, Athens, Greece, December 10-11, 2015, Proceedings
Three-fold Adaptivity in Groups of Robots - The Effect of Social Learning.
Passive haptic learning of Braille typing.
Optimization-based influencing of village social networks in a counterinsurgency.
Knowledge discovery in bioinformatics.
Sewing algorithm.
Adaptive node capability to assess the characteristic tempo in a wireless communication network.
Irish Sign Language Recognition Using Principal Component Analysis and Convolutional Neural Networks.
Mapping global effects of the anti-sigma factor MucA in Pseudomonas fluorescens SBW25 through genome-scale metabolic modeling.
Finding Relationships between Socio-Technical Aspects and Personality Traits by Mining Developer E-mails.
Neo-Fuzzy Integrated Adaptive Decayed Brain Emotional Learning Network for Online Time Series Prediction.
Establishing the effectiveness of patient decision aids - key constructs and measurement instruments.
Why mobile health app overload drives us crazy, and how to restore the sanity.
e-Monitoring of Asthma Therapy to Improve Compliance in children using a real-time medication monitoring system (RTMM) - the e-MATIC study protocol.
Evaluation of an Interactive Web-Based Application to Promote Healthy Behavior in Order to Maintain a Healthy Weight - Preliminary Findings.
Conformal geometric method for voting.
Optimal fuzzy control system using the cross-entropy method. A case study of a drilling process.
Using Cell Phones for Mosquito Vector Surveillance and Control.
Microwave signal generation based on optical heterodyne and its application in optical telecommunication system.
Learning Tensor-structured Dictionaries with Application to Hyperspectral Image Denoising.
The tongue and ear interface - a wearable system for silent speech recognition.
E-Textiles for Healthy Ageing.
Towards Average-case Algorithms for Abstract Argumentation.
Attacks on the Search-RLWE problem with small errors.
Tuning interval Branch-and-Prune for protein structure determination.
A study of e-government infrastructure through WiFi implementation - strategic pricing to recover costs.
New topological approach of rough set generalizations.
e-Government stakeholders - Who are they and what do they want?
Gain limits of phase compensated conformal antenna arrays on non-conducting spherical surfaces using the projection method.
Investigation and modelling of acoustic guided waves in steel grounding rods.
Computer Generated Self-Care Advice via Web-Based Triage of Complaints in Primary Care.
Transportation activity analysis using smartphones.
Evaluation of an Internet-Based Application for Supporting Self-Care of Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.
Development of a VA Clinical Trial Matching Application (POP CTMatch) to Enhance Clinical Ability to Bring Trials to Veterans.
Radio Frequencies - Policy and Management.
IEC61850-Based Systems - Functional Testing and Interoperability Issues.
Automated Parallel Calculation of Collaborative Statistical Models in RooFit.
Signatures of ALOS PALSAR L-Band Backscatter in Swedish Forest.
Assessment of the SMAP Passive Soil Moisture Product.
Soft sets based symbiotic organisms search algorithm for resource discovery in cloud computing environment.
A Multi-Modal 3D Capturing Platform for Learning and Preservation of Traditional Sports and Games.
An operational mobility model over IPv6 - design, modeling, and evaluation.
A K-6 Computational Thinking Curriculum Framework - Implications for Teacher Knowledge.
On derivative bounds for the rational quadratic Bézier paths.
Code rate, frequency and SNR optimization for energy efficient underwater acoustic communications.
Implementing Role- and Relationship-based Identity Management in E-learning Environments.
Anomaly Detection in P2P Networks Using Markov Modelling.
From E-911 to NG-911 - Overview and Challenges in Ecuador.
Environmental Security in P2P Networks.
Chaotic Maps - A Tool to Enhance the Performance of OFDM Systems.
Report From European Summit On Trustworthy Reuse Of Health Data.
Multiphase CFD Simulation of Photogrammetry 3D Model for UAV Crop Spraying.
Standardization of Prescribing Data in PCORnet - RxNorm Concept Unique Identifiers in Multi-Site Research.
An Approach to Selecting an Informative Feature in Software Identification.
Identificação de Autoria de Textos através do uso de Classes Linguísticas da Língua Portuguesa (Authorship Identification Using Linguistic Classes for Portuguese) [in Portuguese].
Ocular Recognition Databases and Competitions - A Survey.
Applications of Heterogeneous Computing in Computational and Simulation Science.
The Development of a Web-Based Tool for Compliance with Safe Work Practices; a Case Study about Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Synchronization can Control Regularization in Neural Systems via Correlated Noise Processes.
Canine reachability of snout-based wearable inputs.
A study on setting of the fatigue limit of temporary dental implants.
Fast Hardware Upper-Bound Power Estimation for a Novel FPGA-Based HW/SW Partitioning Scheme.
Model Based Predictive Control of HVAC Systems for Human Thermal Comfort and Energy Consumption Minimisation.
Mussel Classifier System Based on Morphological Characteristics.
Gate and Common Pathway Detection in Crowd Scenes Using Motion Units and Meta-Tracking.
Perspective on Flipping Circuits I.
Multi-Agent Based Implementation of an Embedded Image Processing System in FPGA for Precision Agriculture Using UAVs.
A steganographic approach based on the chaotic fractional map and in the DCT domain.
Effects of Language Familiarity on e-Negotiation - Use of Native vs. Nonnative Language.
MCE estimation of VQ parameters for MVQHMM speech recognition.
Bow-tie signaling in c-di-GMP - Machine learning in a simple biochemical network.
Out-of-Plane Continuous Electrostatic Micro-Power Generators.
s amanuensis.
A Simple Adaptive Interpolation Approach Based on Varying Image Local Activity Levels.
Instructional Design with PoEML in a E-learning-as-a-Service Model. Mixing Web and IPTV Learning Experiencies.
Guest Editorial - Tenth International Conference on Computability, Complexity and Randomness (CCR 2015).
An associative engines based approach supporting collaborative analytics in the Internet of cultural things.
The evaluation of a novel haptic-enabled virtual reality approach for computer-aided cephalometry.
List decoding of repeated codes
Using the IPv6 Flow Label for Load Balancing in Server Farms.
Current-and Varifold-Based Registration of Lung Vessel and Airway Trees.
A New Approach for Adaptive Polynomial Based Image Interpolation.
A comparison of order picking assisted by head-up display (HUD), cart-mounted display (CMD), light, and paper pick list.
Shallow and Deep Convolutional Networks for Saliency Prediction.
Far-Field On-Chip Antennas Monolithically Integrated in a Wireless-Powered 5.8-GHz Downlink/UWB Uplink RFID Tag in 0.18-μm Standard CMOS.
Arguing for Computer Science in the School Curriculum.
Genome-Scale Modeling of Light-Driven Reductant Partitioning and Carbon Fluxes in Diazotrophic Unicellular Cyanobacterium Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142.
Giant component sizes in scale-free networks with power-law degrees and cutoffs.
Computational intelligence in control.
Control Contraction Metrics and Universal Stabilizability.
Parallel two-phase methods for global optimization on GPU.
Chromatin architecture reorganization during stem cell differentiation Open.
Indirect power control of a DFIG using model-based predictive rotor current control with an indirect matrix converter.
From evolutionary computation to the evolution of things.
Providing standard-oriented data models and interfaces to eGovernment services - A semantic-driven approach.
Supporting Exception Handling in Scripted Collaborative Courses.
The Quixote project - Collaborative and Open Quantum Chemistry data management in the Internet age.
From Abstract to Concrete Repairs of Model Inconsistencies - An Automated Approach.
A Matrix Lie Group Approach to Statistical Shape Analysis of Bones.
Supporting High-quality Early Childhood Education Services throught ICTs.
Performance enhancement of SC-FDMA systems using a companding technique.
Modulated clustering using integrated rough sets and scatter search attribute reduction.
New ratio and difference estimators of the finite population distribution function.
ANFIS based IMC PID Controller for Permanent Magnet DC Motor.
vSked - evaluation of a system to support classroom activities for children with autism.
Technology for working dogs.
Algorithmic development for power quality monitoring by a network of wireless sensors.
Analysis and recognition of the GAGA transcription factor binding sites in Drosophila genes.
Can People Really Do Nothing? Handling Annotation Gaps in ADL Sensor Data.
 learning and emotions.
Efficient sparsification of dense circuit matrices in model order reduction.
Integrative analysis of 111 reference human epigenomes Open.
Parallelization of the QR Decomposition with Column Pivoting Using Column Cyclic Distribution on Multicore and GPU Processors.
The promises and perils of mining GitHub.
Alteration of Default Mode Network in High School Football Athletes Due to Repetitive Subconcussive Mild Traumatic Brain Injury - A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Performance Analysis of a Wireless Sensor Network for Seism Detection in an Overlay Cognitive Radio System.
Binary search algorithm for mixed integer optimization - Application to energy management in a microgrid.
Energy Efficient IoT Virtualization Framework with Peer to Peer Networking and Processing.
Performance Analysis of Semi-Coherent OFDM Systems With Imperfect Channel Estimates.
PhytoPath - an integrative resource for plant pathogen genomics.
Impact of sensor data glut on activity recognition in smart environments.
Personalization of Computer-Based Technologies for Autism - An Open Challenge for Software Engineering?
Fuzzy Clustering of Categorical Attributes and its Use in Analyzing Cultural Data.
MMuFLR - missense mutation and frameshift location reporter.
Efficient Hierarchical Task Scheduling on GRIDS Accounting for Computation and Communications.
t a Virtual Character Be More Like a Human - A Mixed-Initiative Approach to Believable Agents.
 on GitHub.
Assistive Devices for HealthCare - Multiple Sclerosis.
Digitization Projects in Spain.
An algebraic approach to integer portfolio problems.
Review of current control techniques for a cascaded H-Bridge STATCOM.
Game-Based Learning and Information Literacy - A Randomized Controlled Trial to Determine the Efficacy of Two Information Literacy Learning Experiences.
Influence of ECG sampling rate in fetal heart rate variability analysis.
Quantifying Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis Severity using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
An Interactive Segmentation Tool for Quantifying Fat in Lumbar Muscles using Axial Lumbar-Spine MRI.
Surface mesh to voxel data registration for patient-specific anatomical modeling.
Sensors in Distributed Mixed Reality Environments.
Image De-Identification Methods for Clinical Research in the XDS Environment.
User experience of e-government - the Nigeria Immigration Service.
A formulation space search heuristic for packing unequal circles in a fixed size circular container.
QbDJ - A Novel Framework for Handling Skew in Parallel Join Processing on Distributed Memory.
 benchmarking framework.
On Extension Counting Problems in Argumentation Frameworks.
User traces analysis based on crowdsourced data.
Vulnerability Analysis of Trivium FPGA Implementations.
Proceedings of the Seventeenth Americas Conference on Information Systems, Detroit, Michigan August 4th-7th 2011 1 A Service Value Approach to the Micro-Organizational Networks of E-prescribing.
Regular solutions of linear differential systems with power series coefficients.
Understanding hydrological flow paths in conceptual catchment models using uncertainty and sensitivity analysis.
Fast Decomposition of Large Nonnegative Tensors.
Impact of Linearity and Write Noise of Analog Resistive Memory Devices in a Neural Algorithm Accelerator.
A Holistic Semantic Framework for the Provision of Services in the Domain of eGovernment.
 Use of an Extended Range of E-health Services.
Automatic Data Extraction in Odontological X-ray Imaging.
Proof of principle for epitope-focused vaccine design.
Contraction analysis of nonlinear Hamiltonian systems.
Comparison of residual-vibration and energy-minimizing control methods for command generation.
Novel and Applied Algorithms in a Search Engine for Java Code Snippets.
Window-based streaming Video-on-Demand transmission on BitTorrent-like Peer-to-Peer networks.
Radiomic characterization of perirectal fat on MRI enables accurate assessment of tumor regression and lymph node metastasis in rectal cancers after chemoradiation.
Fourth international workshop on software product line teaching (SPLTea 2019).
Progressive heuristic search for probabilistic planning based on interaction estimates.
Similar scaling of contralateral and ipsilateral cortical responses during graded unimanual force generation.
Can Security Become a Routine? - A Study of Organizational Change in an Agile Software Development Group.
Metodo para integracao de sistemas de apoio a engenharia atraves da reutilizacao de software.
MAGIC summoning - towards automatic suggesting and testing of gestures with low probability of false positives during use.
Solution of an Economic Dispatch Problem Through Particle Swarm Optimization - A Detailed Survey - Part II.
Solution of an Economic Dispatch Problem Through Particle Swarm Optimization - A Detailed Survey - Part I.
Program auto parallelizer and vectorizer implemented on the basis of the universal translation library and LLVM technology.
Seventh international workshop on reverse variability engineering (REVE 2019).
Temptations of e-governance and e-learning.
Certification and Security in E-Services, From E-Govenment to E-Business, IFIP 17th World Computer Congress - TC11 Stream on Security in E-Services, August 26-29, 2002, Montréal, Québec, Canada
A promoter-level mammalian expression atlas.
Requirements Engineering - Foundation for Software Quality - 18th International Working Conference, REFSQ 2012, Essen, Germany, March 19-22, 2012. Proceedings
Context-aware parallel handover optimization in heterogeneous wireless networks.
Performance analysis of a method for high level prevention of traffic analysis using measurements from a campus network.
Predicting Future Scientific Discoveries Based on a Networked Analysis of the Past Literature.
Comparative analysis of regulatory information and circuits across distant species Open.
Energy-Efficient Traffic Scheduling in IP over WDM Networks.
Pilot Study on the Feasibility and Indicator Effects of Collaborative Online Projects on Science Learning for English Learners.
Accelerated Alternating Minimization.
An Algorithmic View of the Universe.
Quality assessment system for milk acceptance and a mathematical model of dairy produce drying.
Towards machine learning prediction of deep brain stimulation (DBS) intra-operative efficacy maps.
Multiple Task Hierarchical Fully Adaptive Radar.
Retinal vessel extraction using Lattice Neural Networks with dendritic processing.
The identification and extraction of itemset support defined by the weight matrix of a Self-Organising Map.
A Systematic Capture and Replay Strategy for Testing Complex GUI Based Java Applications.
s perspectives.
Greedy algorithms for compressed sensing.
Refining Square-Root Safety Staffing by Expanding Erlang C.
High-level software requirements and iteration changes - a predictive model.
Robust multi-modal optimisation.
Measurement techniques for e-participation assessment - case of Russian e-petitions portal.
Modulation strategies for an open-end winding induction machine fed by a two-output indirect matrix converter.
Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems co-located with the 10th International Conference on Persuasive Technology (PERSUASIVE 2015), Chicago, IL, United States, June 3, 2015.
E-library services - challenges and training needs of librarians in Nigeria.
Draw your own story - Paper and pencil interactive storytelling.
e-PEMICU - an e-Health Platform to Support Early Mobilisation in Intensive Care Units.
The contribution of de novo coding mutations to autism spectrum disorder.
Distributed Classification of Text Streams - Limitations, Challenges, and Solutions.
s Vireo Individuals. A Comparative Study of Pattern Recognition Algorithms.
Exploring Dynamic Environments Using Stochastic Search Strategies.
Probabilistic Inference from Arbitrary Uncertainty using Mixtures of Factorized Generalized Gaussians.
Enter the Serious E-scape Room - A Cost-Effective Serious Game Model for Deep and Meaningful E-learning.
Workshop on global software development.
Information, Data, Security in a Networked Future.
Statistical characterization of frost zones - Case of tea freeze damage in the Kenyan highlands.
Technical opinion - Falling into the net - main street America playing games and making friends online.
An Element-Based Spectrally Optimized Approximate Inverse Preconditioner for the Euler Equations.
Histopathologic Image Processing - A Review.
11th IEEE International Conference on e-Science, e-Science 2015, Munich, Germany, August 31 - September 4, 2015
Comparative analysis of metazoan chromatin organization Open.
A Power-Aware Broadcasting Algorithm.
To the Development of Open Source Software for the Reconstruction of CAD Models.
How students read an e-textbook in an engineering course.
Anonymisierung und sicherer Umgang mit Forschungsdaten in der empirischen Sozialforschung.
Towards Anonymous Mobile Community services.
Developing and Validating Measurement Instrument for Various Aspects of Digital economy - e-Commerce, e-Banking, e-Work and e-Employment.
 performance utilizing a decision support software.
Selecting the optimal buffer management for opportunistic networks both in pedestrian and vehicular contexts.
A flexible simulation tool for estimating data loss risks in storage arrays.
Automatic detection, extraction and analysis of unrestrained gait using a wearable sensor system.
Software Defined Data Center for High Performance Computing Applications.
CSCL in STEM Education - Preliminary Findings from a Meta-Analysis.
Towards an immortal operating system in virtual environments.
On sequential confidence estimation of parameters of stochastic dynamical systems with conditionally Gaussian noises.
Lagrangian Approach for the Study of Heat Transfer in a Nuclear Reactor Core Using the SPH Methodology.
Mixed-integer programming approaches for index tracking and enhanced indexation.
Power allocation in the context of dimensioning the air-interface of third generation W-CDMA-based cellular systems.
A multi-objective approach for calibration and detection of cervical cells nuclei.
Randomized controlled trials of U-Pace instruction - Outcomes in two gateway courses.
Optimizing Portrait Lighting at Capture-Time Using a 360 Camera as a Light Probe.
Analysis of a Direct Interface Circuit for Capacitive Sensors.
Double Transfer Learning for Breast Cancer Histopathologic Image Classification.
A Texton-Based Approach for the Classification of Benign and Malignant Masses in Mammograms.
Realizing Feature Oriented Software Development with Equational Logic - An Exploratory Study.
Geo-Indistinguishability - Differential Privacy for Location-Based Systems
A contraction theory approach to singularly perturbed systems with application to retroactivity attenuation.
Design methodology for the S/390 Parallel Enterprise Server G4 microprocessors.
Joint Call and Packet Level Performance Analysis of CAC Strategies for VoIP Traffic in Wireless.
Fourth international workshop on reverse variability engineering (REVE 2016).
An Improvement of Data Classification Using Random Multimodel Deep Learning (RMDL).
Multiphase Flows Simulation with the Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics Method.
Backpropagation Applied to Handwritten Zip Code Recognition.
Biocomputing 2012 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2012
s Fair Adventure.
PARQR - Augmenting the Piazza Online Forum to Better Support Degree Seeking Online Masters Students.
Computing halting probabilities from other halting probabilities.
 - propriedades eletrônicas e estruturais.
Analytical SLAM without linearization.
Facilitating Coordination between Software Developers - A Study and Techniques for Timely and Efficient Recommendations.
Object Segmentation in Images using EEG Signals.
The Invariant Functions of the Rational Bi-cubic Bézier Surfaces.
Project Glass - An Extension of the Self.
Design Strategies for Gamified Physical Activity Applications for Older Adults.
Big Data, Big Systems, Big Challenges - A Personal Experience - (Extended Abstract).
Neural Correlates of Modality-specific Spatial Extinction.
On a continuous-time multi-group bi-virus model with human awareness.
Energy-efficient peer selection mechanism for BitTorrent content distribution.
Biocomputing 2015 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 4-8, 2015
The Lasting Benefits of Teams - Tie Vitality After Teams Disband.
Socio-technical congruence (STC 2008).
Dictionary Learning for Sparse Representations - A Pareto Curve Root Finding Approach.
Polarimetric Alos/Palsar-2 Data for Retrieving Aboveground Biomass of Secondary Forest in the Brazilian Amazon.
Decoupled Processors Architecture for Accelerating Data Intensive Applications using Scratch-Pad Memory Hierarchy.
Human - Humanoid Robot Interaction - The 20Q Game.
Recovery Guarantees for Rank Aware Pursuits.
E-learning Web Miner - A Data Mining Application to Help Instructors Involved in Virtual Courses.
Fuzzy rule extraction by bacterial memetic algorithms.
Virtual Reality.
Comparações clínicas funcionais e tomográficas entre a doença pulmonar obstrutiva crônica (DPOC) associada ao tabagismo e a DPOC associada à exposição ambiental e/ou ocupacional.
Performative and Lexical Knowledge Sharing in Agile Requirements.
Introduction - Remixing Snippets and Reusing Components.
Fast Monte Carlo Localization using spatial density information.
Aggregate modeling of semiconductor equipment using effective process times.
Characterization of Available Light for Seagrass and Patch Reef Productivity in Sugarloaf Key, Lower Florida Keys.
Analytical Models for Mixed Workload Multimedia Storage Servers.
One Year Usability Results for an Electronic Respiratory Therapy Tool for the Intensive Care Unit.
ShareDay - A Novel Lifelog Management System for Group Sharing.
Geometry of the Gene Expression Space of Individual Cells.
Project E-Society - Building Bricks, 6TH IFIP International Conference on e-Commerce, e-Business, and e-Government (I3E 2006), October 11-13, 2006, Turku, Finland
A Protocol for Wait-Free, Atomic, Multi-Reader Shared Variables.
Seasonal Dependence of SMAP Radiometer-Based Soil Moisture Performance as Observed Over Core Validation Sites.
Intelligent discovery of the capabilities of reconfiguration options in a cognitive wireless B3G context.
Detection of Web-Based Attacks through Markovian Protocol Parsing.
Crowd (soft) control - moving beyond the opportunistic.
Calibration drift in regression and machine learning models for acute kidney injury.
Towards low-cost, wireless blood anomaly sensing - An RFID-based anemia detection sensor.
.
Disaggregation for Improved Efficiency in Fog Computing Era.
Simultaneous versus incremental learning of multiple skills by modular robots.
Sidney E. Berger. Rare Books and Special Collections. Chicago - Neal-Schuman, an imprint of the American Library Association, 2014, 537p. $129.00 (ISBN 978-55570-964-8). LC 2014-006055.
Strain effects in GaN/AlN multi-quantum-well structures for infrared optoelectronics.
Self-Repairing Disk Arrays.
Room for interpretation - the role of self-esteem and CMC in romantic couple conflict.
A numerical algorithm for the solution of a phase-field model of polycrystalline materials.
Metropolis biogeography-based optimization.
A web application for the unspecific detection of differentially expressed DNA regions in strand-specific expression data.
Growth and Propagation of Disturbances in a Communication Network Model.
Optimal system capacity in handover prioritised schemes in cellular mobile telecommunication systems.
SWTV-ACE - Spatially Weighted Regularization Based Attenuation Coefficient Estimation Method for Hepatic Steatosis Detection.
Reference Coupling - An exploration of inter-project technical dependencies and their characteristics within large software ecosystems.
Image Classification to Improve Printing Quality of Mixed-Type Documents.
Mapping between full RFC 822 and RFC 822 with restricted encoding.
Coverings, Laplacians, and Heat Kernels of Directed Graphs.
Cospectral Graphs on 12 Vertices.
Behaviour Trees for Evolutionary Robotics.
Dual-scale Galerkin methods for Darcy flow.
Mapping between X.400(1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC 822.
T-Learning para Personas con Discapacidad.
Classical Simulation of Quantum Adiabatic Algorithms Using Mathematica on GPUs.
Decomposition and evaluation of activity in multiple event-related trials.
Passive haptic learning of typing skills facilitated by wearable computers.
MOVPSO - Vortex Multi-Objective Particle Swarm Optimization.
Evolution of the e-Museum Concept through Exploitation of Cryptographic Algorithms.
Virtual Environments as a Tool for Conceptual Learning.
Hub Location and Network Design with Fixed and Variable Costs.
Experiences of Aiding Autobiographical Memory Using the SenseCam.
Demonstrating the Scalability of a Molecular Dynamics Application on a Petaflops Computer.
e-Ecosystem Driven e-Learning VS Technology Driven e-Learning.
s Behavioral Model.
The Role of the Element Managment Layer in Network Management.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis regulatory network and hypoxia.
A Survey on Hardware Implementations of Visual Object Trackers.
Empirical verification of the even Goldbach conjecture and computation of prime gaps up to 4⋅1018.
A Communication Middleware for Scalable Real-Time Mobile Collaboration.
Analysis of the dynamics and practice of the production planning and control - an approach combining case study and system dynamics modeling (Análise da dinâmica e da prática do planejamento e controle da produção - uma abordagem combinada de estudo de caso e modelagem de sistemas dinâmicos).
On the Anonymity of Timed Pool Mixes.
Adaptive Group Testing Algorithms to Estimate the Number of Defectives.
Interpolating Seismic Data With Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks.
Robot ontologies for sensor- and Image-guided surgery.
CANCROX - a cross-species cancer therapy database.
Cortical shell unwrapping for vertebral body abnormality detection on computed tomography.
POST - A framework for set-based association analysis in high-dimensional data.
Enhancing the Filtering-Out of the Back-to-Front Interference in Color Documents with a Neural Classifier.
Interaction Testing on Using an E-Book Authoring Tool - A Case Study of the SaiteBooker (UNA-SUS/UFMA, Brazil).
E-Democracy, Security, Privacy and Trust in a Digital World - 5th International Conference, E-Democracy 2013, Athens, Greece, December 5-6, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
Editorial.
DCU at MMM 2013 Video Browser Showdown.
Using Entropy for Parameter Analysis of Evolutionary Algorithms.
AMALGHMA -An environment for measuring execution time and energy consumption in embedded systems.
Percolation on sparse networks.
Group Method of Data Handling and neural networks applied in monitoring and fault detection in sensors in nuclear power plants (Group Method of Data Handling (GMDH) e redes neurais na monitoração e detecção de falhas em sensores de centrais nucleares).
Using feature model knowledge to speed up the generation of covering arrays.
Data acquisition with software analysis methodology for 4pß-? coincidence systems and application in radionuclide standardization, with emphasis on metastable transitions (Metodologia de aquisição de dados e análise por software, para sistemas de coincidências 4pß-? e sua aplicação na padronização de radionuclídeos, com ênfase em transições metaestáveis).
Smoothing Net Load Demand Variations Using Residential Demand Management.
Extracting kinetic information from human motor cortical signals.
Identifying the link between project management standards and practices in IT education and the industry expectations and requirements.
A knowledge based approach to matching human neurodegenerative disease and animal models.
A Hybrid Grouping Genetic Algorithm for the Multiple-Type Access Node Location Problem.
An evolutionary robotics approach for the distributed control of satellite formations.
Evaluation of Empirical Ray-Tracing Model for an Urban Outdoor Scenario at 73 GHz E-Band.
Evolutionary robotics.
Teaching software product lines - a snapshot of current practices and challenges (journal-first abstract).
SPLtea 2018 - third international workshop on software product line teaching.
Efficient redundant frames encoding algorithm for streaming video over error prone wireless channels.
Characterization of fading on fixed wireless channels between 200 MHz and 2 GHz in suburban macrocell environments.
Dependability of the NFV Orchestrator - State of the Art and Research Challenges.
Modelling fibre fanning in diffusion-weighted MRI.
Characterization of Time Variation on 1.9 GHz Fixed Wireless Channels in Suburban Macrocell Environments.
A Preliminary Look at MOOC-associated Facebook Groups - Prevalence, Geographic Representation, and Homophily.
The Validity of Poisson Assumptions in a Combined Loglinear/MDS Mapping Model.
Socioeconomic status, age and heart rate variability in a Bangladeshi community.
Prediction of the potency of mammalian cyclooxygenase inhibitors with ensemble proteochemometric modeling.
A generative model for concurrent image retrieval and ROI segmentation.
Quantifying human reconstruction accuracy for voxelcarving in a sporting environment.
Embodiment analytics of practicing teachers in a virtual immersive environment.
Low-cost creation of a 3D interactive museum exhibition.
E-government services effectiveness evaluation framework (E-GEEF) - a case study of Indian e-tax service.
A string encoding of Presentation Address.
Assembling Similar Tracking Approaches in Order to Strengthen Performance.
Variability extraction and modeling for product variants.
Encoding Network Addresses to Support Operation over Non-OSI Lower Layers.
Replication and Distributed Operations extensions to provide an Internet Directory using X.500.
User-Centered Development of Effective Web-Based Patient Education - A Case Study about Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
E-Bayesian estimation for system reliability and availability analysis based on exponential distribution.
Replication Requirements to provide an Internet Directory using X.500.
A generalizable dynamic flow pairing method for traffic classification.
A Community Strategy Framework - How to obtain influence on requirements in meritocratic open source software communities?
Performance evaluation in obstacle avoidance.
X.500 and Domains.
An Artificial Intelligence Based Approach for High Impedance Faults Analysis in Distribution Networks.
PATH-SCAN - A Reporting Tool for Identifying Clinically Actionable Variants.
An efficient brain mass detection with adaptive clustered based fuzzy C-mean and thresholding.
Dynamic spectrum leasing strategies for coordinated cognitive radio networks with delay-tolerant traffic.
Comparison of conventional and new class AB modifications of the Flipped Voltage Follower and their implementation in high performance amplifiers.
Application of ICA on Self-Interference Cancellation of In-band Full Duplex Systems.
Continuous clarification and emergent requirements flows in open-commercial software ecosystems.
Sparse Bayesian Learning for EEG Source Localization.
Optical and electrical characterizations of vertically integrated ZnO nanowires.
The co-adaptive neural network approach to the Euclidean Travelling Salesman Problem.
A Novel Multidimensional Model of Opinion Dynamics in Social Networks.
Customer support ticket escalation prediction using feature engineering.
Gathering and evaluating innovation ideas using crowdsourcing - Impact of the idea title and the description on the number of votes in each phase of a two-phase crowdsourcing project.
Structure and immune recognition of trimeric pre-fusion HIV-1 Env.
The COSINE and Internet X.500 Schema.
Automating the quantification of membrane proteins under confocal microscopy.
s disease.
Multi-objective optimization based on an improved cross-entropy method. A case study of a micro-scale manufacturing process.
Calibration and Use of Intraoperative Cone-Beam Computed Tomography - An In-Vitro Study for Wrist Fracture.
Transient Performance Analysis for Location Update Protocols in Cellular Networks.
Adoption of Biometric Authentication Systems - Implications for Research and Practice in the Deployment of End-User Security Systems.
A Residual Encoder-Decoder Network for Semantic Segmentation in Autonomous Driving Scenarios.
Design of LAN-Lock, A System for Securing Wireless Networks.
e-Care - Ontological Architecture for Telemonitoring and Alerts Detection.
Using isoelectric point to determine the pH for initial protein crystallization trials.
Scalable multi-pipeline architecture for high performance multi-pattern string matching.
IPv4+6.
Innovation in a military research laboratory - an initial exploratory study.
Classification of schizophrenia patients and healthy controls from structural MRI scans in two large independent samples.
INDIGO-DataCloud - a Platform to Facilitate Seamless Access to E-Infrastructures.
Evaluating Shuttle radar and interpolated DEMs for slope gradient and soil erosion estimation in low relief terrain.
Mining cross-frequency coupling microstates from resting state MEG - An application to mild traumatic brain injury.
Training adult novices to use computers - Effects of different types of illustrations.
Risk-Based Software Development Practices for CREATE Multiphysics HPC Software Applications.
Anonymity and Covert Channels in Simple Timed Mix-Firewalls.
Spectra of random networks with arbitrary degrees.
Fault Detection in a Heat Exchanger, Comparative Analysis between Dynamic Principal Component Analysis and Diagnostic Observers.
The Impact of RFID Adoption on the Market Value of Firms - An Empirical Analysis.
An improved genetic algorithm for efficient scheduling on distributed memory parallel systems.
Key assignment for enforcing access control policy exceptions in distributed systems.
Contraction Criteria for Existence, Stability, and Robustness of a Limit Cycle
The Effect of Non-contrast CT Slice Thickness on Thrombus Density and Perviousness Assessment.
Estudos teórico e experimental de propriedades estruturais e eletrônicas da molécula emodina em solvente e em bicamadas lipídicas.
On the detection of tracks in spectrogram images.
Advertising and Demand for Addictive Goods - The Effects of E-Cigarette Advertising.
Identifying Genetic Associations with Variability in Metabolic Health and Blood Count Laboratory Values - Diving into the Quantitative Traits by Leveraging Longitudinal Data from an EHR.
HandsOn - Enabling Embodied, Creative STEM e-learning with Programming-Free Force Feedback.
Propriedade intelectual de programa de computador desenvolvido para utilização na administração pública.
HistoCAD - Machine Facilitated Quantitative Histoimaging with Computer Assisted Diagnosis.
Fundamental Performance Limits for Ideal Decoders in High-Dimensional Linear Inverse Problems.
GEA optimization for live structureless motion estimation.
Library Catalog Log Analysis in E-book Patron-Driven Acquisitions (PDA) - A Case Study.
 to Facilitated Workshops.
Scalable pCT Image Reconstruction Delivered as a Cloud Service.
Lambda-Gaga - Toward a New Metric for the Complex System State of the Electrical Grid.
Robust normalization protocols for multiplexed fluorescence bioimage analysis.
Engineering Challenges for Instrumenting and Controlling Integrated Organ-on-Chip Systems.
Some new distance-4 constant weight codes.
Optimal and Superoptimal Circulant Preconditioners.
Determining conserved metabolic biomarkers from a million database queries.
Low-voltage commercial super-capacitor response to periodic linear-with-time current excitation - a case study.
MuffinEc - Error correction for de Novo assembly via greedy partitioning and sequence alignment.
r2VIM - A new variable selection method for random forests in genome-wide association studies.
A Low-Complexity current-mode WTA circuit based on CMOS Quasi-FG Inverters.
Development and application of an integrated ecological modelling framework to analyze the impact of wastewater discharges on the ecological water quality of rivers.
Using SIFT and WiFi Signals to Provide Location-Based Services for Smartphones.
An Incremental Carrier-Grade NAT (CGN) for IPv6 Transition.
fMRI reactivity to high-calorie food pictures predicts short- and long-term outcome in a weight-loss program.
Does distance still matter?
Multi-rendezvous Spacecraft Trajectory Optimization with Beam P-ACO.
PointGrow - Autoregressively Learned Point Cloud Generation with Self-Attention.
FPCluster - An Efficient Out-of-core Clustering Strategy without a Similarity Metric.
As relações do intraempreendedorismo e da IT Fashion com a consumerização de TI e seu impacto no desempenho pessoal e na governança de TI.
P-score - a reputation bibliographic index that complements citation counts.
An Empirical Study of Sources Affecting E-Business Value Creation in Jordanian Banking Services Sector.
Dual-sensor fusion for indoor user localisation.
Proceedings of the 8th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence, IJCCI 2016, Volume 3 - NCTA, Porto, Portugal, November 9-11, 2016.
Topological evaluation of volume reconstructions by voxel carving.
Ultrasound-Based Image Guidance for Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy - Initial in-vivo Results.
Proceedings of the 8th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence, IJCCI 2016, Volume 1 - ECTA, Porto, Portugal, November 9-11, 2016.
Allele frequency net 2015 update - new features for HLA epitopes, KIR and disease and HLA adverse drug reaction associations.
Proceedings of the 8th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence, IJCCI 2016, Volume 2 - FCTA, Porto, Portugal, November 9-11, 2016.
Prefigurative Politics and Passionate Witnessing.
On m-Interlacing Solutions of Linear Difference Equations.
Minimal NMR distance information for rigidity of protein graphs.
s Disease Patients.
An integrated semantic framework for designing context-aware Internet of Robotic Things systems.
A new algorithm for generation of different types of RNA.
Pinning control applied to gene regulatory networks.
Architecting a Software-Defined Storage Platform for Cloud Storage Service.
Supporting Consistency Checking between Features and Software Product Line Use Scenarios.
Estimating Self-Sustainability in Peer-to-Peer Swarming Systems
Enabling technologies for natural orifice transluminal endoscopic surgery (N.O.T.E.S) using robotically guided elasticity imaging.
Virtual Microscopy Large Slide Automated Acquisition - Error Analysis and Validation.
Symbolic Segmentation - A Corpus-Based Analysis of Melodic Phrases.
Fast and Accurate Finite-difference Method Solving Multicomponent Smoluchowski Coagulation Equation with Source and Sink Terms.
Sequential 3D - Key integration challenges and opportunities for advanced semiconductor scaling.
Isogeometric analysis of free-surface flow.
Exploring the impact of operating model choice on the governance of inter-organizational workflow - the U.S. e-prescribing network.
Automated Sensing of Wave Inundation across a Rocky Shore Platform Using a Low-Cost Camera System.
Predictive temperature control of solar collectors in a desalination plant.
Learning Discrete Probabilistic Models for Application in Multiple Faults Detection.
The limitations of genetic algorithms in software testing.
Parallelism increases iterative learning power.
Uma Ontologia para Padronização do Domínio de Robótica e Automação.
Building the e-World Ecosystem - 11th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2011, Kaunas, Lithuania, October 12-14, 2011, Revised Selected Papers
Multiple Vector Classification for P2P Traffic Identification.
Flipping the medical classroom - Effect on workload, interactivity, motivation and retention of knowledge.
Application and modification of Design for Manufacture and Assembly principles for the developing world.
Trustworthy reuse of health data - A transnational perspective.
Proposed High Level Architecture of a Smart Interconnected Interactive Classroom.
Characterizing Random Walks on Dynamic Graphs
A path to oscillation free controller changes.
Segmentación automática en imágenes RGB aplicando la técnica Fuzzy C-means de la morfología matemática para la ayuda de la fotoidentificación de cetáceos.
ColMiner - a tool to support communications management in an issue tracking environment.
Effects of the obesity on optimal control schedules of chemotherapy on a cancerous tumor.
Forest Species Recognition Based on Ensembles of Classifiers.
A pseudo-immersive virtual environment-a framework for modelling sheet deformation.
Pre-calculated protein structure alignments at the RCSB PDB website.
Total dermoscopy score calculation using quantitative measurements in digital dermoscopy.
Declustering n-Connected Components for Segmentation of Iodine Implants in C-Arm Fluoroscopy Images.
Towards the Understanding of Gestures and Vocalization Coordination in Teaching Context.
Robotisation of forestry harvesting in New Zealand - An overview.
Design of a 1 kva PV system for electrical laboratory in faculty of engineering, University of Uyo, Nigeria.
Hand detection in American Sign Language depth data using domain-driven random forest regression.
On Existence of Separable Contraction Metrics for Monotone Nonlinear Systems.
Improving Message Delivery Performance in Opportunistic Networks Using a Forced-Stop Diffusion Scheme.
A Priced Public Sensing Framework for Heterogeneous IoT Architectures.
A 3D Model for Optimizing Infrastructure Costs in Road Design.
Fast Inexact Graph Matching with Applications in Statistical Connectomics
Survey of Proposed Use Cases for the IPv6 Flow Label.
I/O Braid - Scalable Touch-Sensitive Lighted Cords Using Spiraling, Repeating Sensing Textiles and Fiber Optics.
Exploring the grand challenges for next generation e-Business - selected papers from the workshop on e-Business 2009.
Robust CT to US 3D-3D Registration by Using Principal Component Analysis and Kalman Filtering.
Random graph models for dynamic networks.
Short-term hydro-thermal scheduling with environmental considerations using bacterial foraging algorithm.
Low Cost 3D-Printed Biosensor Arrays for Protein-based Cancer Diagnostics based on Electrochemiluminescence.
Short-term coordination of hydro-thermal systems with cascaded reservoirs using bacterial foraging algorithm.
Scheduling of variable-head hydro-thermal generation using an enhanced bacterial foraging algorithm.
Autonomous detection and tracking under illumination changes, occlusions and moving camera.
Implications of interpreting tropical dry forest succession after radiometric correction of Chris/ Proba images.
Modelling effective diagnosis of risk complications in gestational diabetes mellitus - an e-diabetic expert system for pregnant women.
3D integration demonstration of a wireless product with design partitioning.
Towards a fault-detection benchmark for evaluating software product line testing approaches.
A τ-power stochastic gamma diffusion process - Computational statistical inference and simulation aspects. A real example.
Integrating communication skills into the computer science curriculum (abstract only).
Indoor propagation measurements for radiating cable in the UHF band 800MHz - 2500 MHz.
Genome-wide histone acetylation data improve prediction of mammalian transcription factor binding sites.
A deep learning approach for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting.
A Preliminary Acoustic Analysis of Laryngectomised Speech in Adult New Zealanders.
Determining serialization order for serializable snapshot isolation.
Online prediction of surface roughness in peripheral milling processes.
Characterizing continuous time random walks on time varying graphs.
Performance Analysis of V2V and V2I LiFi Communication Systems in Traffic Lights.
Channel Impulse Response-based Source Localization in a Diffusion-based Molecular Communication System.
I/O Braid - Scalable Touch-Sensitive Lighted Cords Using Spiraling, Repeating Sensing Textiles and Fiber Optics.
Multilevel inverter interface of distributed generation sources for medium voltage distribution networks.
Automatic forest species recognition based on multiple feature sets.
Computational Intelligence - International Joint Conference, IJCCI 2015 Lisbon, Portugal, November 12-14, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
A framework to evaluate cyber agility.
Deformable prostate registration from MR and TRUS images using surface error driven FEM models.
Signal recognition and background suppression by matched filters and neural networks for Tunka-Rex.
Quick and Easy Time Series Generation with Established Image-based GANs.
Detecting volumetric changes in fMRI connectivity networks in schizophrenia patients.
Indentification of altered MET network in oral cancer progression based on nonparametric network design.
Ellipse-based principal component analysis for self-intersecting curve reconstruction from noisy point sets.
MADNESS - A Multiresolution, Adaptive Numerical Environment for Scientific Simulation.
Erratum to - Ellipse-based principal component analysis for self-intersecting curve reconstruction from noisy point sets.
MHS use of the X.500 Directory to support MHS Routing.
Evaluating the Impact of Data Transfer Time and Mobility Patterns in Opportunistic Networks.
Multiphysics simulations - Challenges and opportunities.
Knowledge Management Research through Computational Experimentation.
Multivariable DG impedance modeling for the microgrid stability assessment.
Efficiency and sustainability assessment for a group of farmers in the Brazilian Amazon.
An Interview with Jack E. Kosakowski of JA Worldwide.
GNRFET/MOSFET Conjunction Power Gating Structures.
Congestive heart failure information extraction framework for automated treatment performance measures assessment.
A Clinical Decision Support System for an Antimicrobial Stewardship Program.
A Glimpse at Paul G. Spirakis.
An examination of CSCL methodological practices and the influence of theoretical frameworks 2005-2009.
Performance of OpenDPI to Identify Truncated Network Traffic.
The Gene Ontology (GO) Cellular Component Ontology - integration with SAO (Subcellular Anatomy Ontology) and other recent developments.
Design of a Biomechanical Model and a Set of Neural Networks for Monitoring of Weightlifting.
Proposed adaptive joint error-resilience concealment algorithms for efficient colour-plus-depth 3D video transmission.
Tweets Classification using Corpus Dependent Tags, Character and POS N-grams.
State convergence based bilateral control of nonlinear teleoperation system represented by TS fuzzy models.
The Canadian Enhanced Polar Outflow Probe (e-POP) Mission - Current Status and Planned Observations and Data Distribution.
Evaluation of a surface hydrological connectivity index in agricultural catchments.
User Centered Development of Automatic E-mail Answering for the Public Sector.
Heritability of fractional anisotropy in human white matter - A comparison of Human Connectome Project and ENIGMA-DTI data.
Demo - Expanding Blocks4All with Variables and Functions.
Development and validation of a pressure-type automated quantitative sensory testing system for point-of-care pain assessment.
3D Quantification of Wall Shear Stress and Oscillatory Shear Index Using a Finite-Element Method in 3D CINE PC-MRI Data of the Thoracic Aorta.
An Efficient Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Visual Image Classification.
Mining chemical information from open patents.
Locality Sensitive Deep Learning for Detection and Classification of Nuclei in Routine Colon Cancer Histology Images.
Game Theory Based Solver for Dynamic Vehicle Routing Problem.
Assessing the Accuracy of Automatically Extracted Shorelines on Microtidal Beaches from Landsat 7, Landsat 8 and Sentinel-2 Imagery.
Ant colony optimization with dynamic parameter adaptation based on interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems.
Structural connectivity relates to perinatal factors and functional impairment at 7 years in children born very preterm.
OSCAR4 - a flexible architecture for chemical text-mining.
Quasi-opportunistic contact prediction in delay/disruption tolerant network.
Predicting haemodynamic networks using electrophysiology - The role of non-linear and cross-frequency interactions.
Investigation of pre-university pathways into engineering.
An Intelligent Weather Station.
GPCRs from fusarium graminearum detection, modeling and virtual screening - the search for new routes to control head blight disease.
A hierarchical pre-runtime scheduling for hard real-time systems considering fault-tolerance.
A Node Selection Algorithm for Many-to-Many Mappings in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Equivariant Gröbner bases and the Gaussian two-factor model.
Parallel transitive closure algorithm.
Teaching a globally distributed project course using Scrum practices.
Automated Isolation of Translational Efficiency Bias That Resists the Confounding Effect of GC(AT)-Content.
Development of an Interactive Immersion Environment for Engendering Understanding about Nanotechnology - Concept, Construction, and Implementation.
Teamwork, coordination and customer relationship management skills - as important as technical skills in preparing our SE graduates.
High-Quality Model Generation for Finite Element Simulation of Tissue Deformation.
Sensor/Actuator mobility in noisy Wi-Fi based Networked Control System.
Integrating Data Clustering and Visualization for the Analysis of 3D Gene Expression Data.
Development of a Cyber-Resilient Line Current Differential Relay.
Hyperspectral Image Denoising using Dictionary Learning.
The semantic architecture of the World-Wide Molecular Matrix (WWMM).
The semantics of Chemical Markup Language (CML) - dictionaries and conventions.
Promoting your e-books - lessons from the UK JISC National e-Book Observatory.
Advisory Guidelines for 6to4 Deployment.
Open Data, Open Source and Open Standards in chemistry - The Blue Obelisk five years on.
Using a virtual environment to study the impact of sending traffic alerts to texting pedestrians.
Network Traffic Analysis With Query Driven Visualization SC 2005 HPC Analytics Results.
Synthetic structural magnetic resonance image generator improves deep learning prediction of schizophrenia.
Priority Schemes for Life Extension and Data Delivery in Body Area Wireless Sensor Networks with Cognitive Radio Capabilities.
Digital Breast Tomosynthesis - Potentially a New Method for Breast Cancer Screening.
An Interactive System for Aiding Evaluation of Local Government Policies.
Bernard, an energy intelligent system for raising residential users awareness.
Learning Health State Transition Probabilities via Wireless Body Area Networks.
A model-based and simulation-assisted FMEDA approach for safety-relevant E/E systems.
Improved memristor-based relaxation oscillator.
Influencing Consumer Decisions Through Personalization.
Game theoretic approach on Real-time decision making for IoT-based traffic light control.
A 90µm × 64µm 225µW class-AB CMOS differential flipped voltage follower with output driving capability up to 100 pF.
Natural Language Processing in Accounting, Auditing and Finance - A Synthesis of the Literature with a Roadmap for Future Research.
The Impact of Cognitive Trust and E-WOM on Purchase Intention in C2C E-Commerce Site.
Evidence for coordinated functional activity within the extended amygdala of non-human and human primates.
Developing an engineering and entrepreneurship collaborative project.
Capacitance multiplier with large multiplication factor, high accuracy, and low power and silicon area for floating applications.
An Activity Theory Framework for DSS for Extreme Events.
Class AB flipped voltage follower with very low output resistance and no additional power.
A Superior Evolutionary Algorithm for 3-SAT.
Assessing Mental Models of Emergencies Through Two Knowledge Elicitation Tasks.
Canine-Centered Computing.
Visual SLAM with oriented landmarks and partial odometry.
3D single molecule tracking and superresolution microscopy using multifocal plane microscopy.
Robust Supply Vessel Planning.
DOT2 - Macromolecular docking with improved biophysical models.
Performance Analysis of 6LoWPAN and CoAP for Secure Communications in Smart Homes.
Optimal Health Monitoring via Wireless Body Area Networks.
Calculating Costs for Quality of Security Service.
A fuzzy logic based decision algorithm for a heterogeneous telescope network.
The Global Genome Biodiversity Network (GGBN) Data Standard specification.
Hybrid Technique Using Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) and Support Vector Machine (SVM) Approach for Earthquake Prediction.
Ebbinghaus Revisited - Influences of the BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Backward Serial Recall Are Modulated by Human Aging.
Building a Cost Effective Network for E-learning in Developing Countries.
Refining carbon flux paths using atomic trace data.
Taming complex healthcare data models with dictionary tooling.
e-Assessment for learning? The potential of short-answer free-text questions with tailored feedback.
Agent-Based Support of Advanced Personal Mobility Features.
A rule-based system proposal to aid in the evaluation and decision-making in external beam radiation treatment planning.
Block triangular preconditioners for linearization schemes of the Rayleigh-Bénard convection problem.
Weighted Filtering for Neural Activity Reconstruction Under Time Varying Constraints.
Decomposition Methods for Detailed Analysis of Content in ERP Recordings.
Artificial neural network based autoregressive modeling technique with application in voice activity detection.
Analyzing features learned for Offline Signature Verification using Deep CNNs.
Assessing the research and education quality of the top Brazilian Computer Science graduate programs.
Feature Selection for the Classification of Microcalcifications in Digital Mammograms using Genetic Algorithms, Sequential Search and Class Separability.
Validating the Voice of the Crowd During Disasters.
Performance/Availability Modeling with te TANGRAM-II Modeling Environment.
Environmental Reservoirs of Nosocomial Infection - Imputation Methods for Linking Clinical and Environmental Microbiological Data to Understand Infection Transmission.
A discrete event simulation model to estimate population level health and economic impacts of smoking cessation interventions.
Revisiting hard thresholding for DNN pruning.
Blood and air flow multi-scale simulations based on real data.
Distributed processing in vehicular cloud networks.
Collaborative scientific conceptual change - a framework for analyzing science learning.
Probabilistic Formal Concepts with Negation.
Exploring feature-based approaches in PET images for predicting cancer treatment outcomes.
Influences of inter-stream synchronization errors among haptic media, sound, and video on quality of experience in networked ensemble.
An ontology for contextual information system design.
Abstraction as a Mechanism to Cross the Reality Gap in Evolutionary Robotics.
E-Clouds - A SaaS Marketplace for Scientific Computing.
The Graph of Critical Pairs of a Crown.
Human performance regression testing.
Innovativeness and Factors that Affect the Information Technology Adoption in the Classroom by Primary Teachers in Chile.
Extracting Variability-Safe Feature Models from Source Code Dependencies in System Variants.
Optimising the Use of Computed Radiography in Pediatric Chest Imaging.
 hospital-care.
A Toroidal Probe for Measuring Surgically Exposed Joint Centers.
Usage and Effect of a Web-Based Intervention for the Prevention of Overweight; a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Step Change Detection Based on Analytic Signal for PMU Calibrators.
Identification of Common Concepts for Clinical Decision Support and Mapping to the Health Level 7 Virtual Medical Record Data Model.
Management of agricultural research centers in Brazil - A DEA application using a dynamic GMM approach.
Anytime Models in Fuzzy Control.
Geo-indistinguishability - differential privacy for location-based systems.
Adaptive Forward Error Correction for Interactive Streaming Over the Internet.
Integrating stream gage data and Landsat imagery to complete time-series of surface water extents in Central Valley, California.
LogP - Towards a Realistic Model of Parallel Computation.
Twiddler typing - one-handed chording text entry for mobile phones.
Magnetic resonance and computed tomography image fusion using bidimensional empirical mode decomposition.
A power-supply noise aware dynamic timing analysis methodology, based on a statistical prediction engine.
Implementing generic security requirements in e-voting using modified stegano-cryptographic approach.
Histologic validation of locus coeruleus MRI contrast in post-mortem tissue.
Panorama, oportunidades e recomendações para o contexto brasileiro de interação humano-computador e design centrado no usuário a partir do uso de personas.
Post-Silicon Receiver Equalization Metamodeling by Artificial Neural Networks.
PREDDIMER - a web server for prediction of transmembrane helical dimers.
Implementation of a Semi-automated Post-processing System for Parametric MRI Mapping of Human Breast Cancer.
Multi-Modal Analysis for Content Structuring and Event Detection.
Logic, Formal Linguistics and Computing in France - From Non-reception to Progressive Convergence.
Development of a novel algorithm to calculate the optic properties of temporal aerosols through Remote Sensing data measurements - Prospective study.
Decision Support Systems in action - Integrated application in a multicriteria decision aid process.
Using aesthetic measures to evolve art.
Towards Innovative Business Modeling for Sustainable eHealth Applications.
Evaluation of the Use of an Ask-the-Expert e-Consultation Service for Support on Health-Related Requests.
Acting together - Joint pedestrian road crossing in an immersive virtual environment.
Fast Blocking of Householder Reflectors on Graphics Processors.
Dynamic voxel carving in tennis based on player localisation using a low cost camera network.
Erlang capacity in coordinated cognitive radio networks with stringent-delay applications.
Texture CNN for Histopathological Image Classification.
Performance comparison of VoIP cognitive radio networks under On/Off and poisson primary arrivals.
Analysis of case-control association studies with known risk variants.
In situ study of thermal deformation of metal resistive heater on silicon nitride membrane by digital holographic microscopy.
The Future Internet of Things - Secure, Efficient, and Model-Based.
Screening Strategies in the Presence of Interactions.
Multi-Objective GA for Path Planning of Robot Manipulators Based on Dual Quaternion.
Neural Activity Estimation from EEG Using an Iterative Dynamic Inverse Problem Solution.
Asymmetric force feedback control framework for teleoperated robot-assisted surgery.
AI on the WWW - Supply and Demand Agents.
The memory load of assembling syntactic phrases in mono clausal sentences.
Exploring the Relationships among Corporate Entrepreneurship, IT Governance, and Risk Management.
Transverse contraction criteria for existence, stability, and robustness of a limit cycle.
Computational Methods for the Natural and Intuitive Visualization of Volumetric Medical Data.
Simulation of the september 8, 2011, san diego blackout.
Motion-Extended Array Synthesis - Part II - Experimental Validation.
Disambiguation Protocols Based on Risk Simulation.
De-escalation training in an augmented virtuality space.
A design process for the adoption of composite materials and supply chain reconfiguration supported by a software tool.
A Comparison of Three Search Algorithms for Solving the Buffer Allocation Problem in Reliable Production Lines.
Surface Soil Moisture Retrieval Using the L-Band Synthetic Aperture Radar Onboard the Soil Moisture Active-Passive Satellite and Evaluation at Core Validation Sites.
Breast cancer histopathological image classification using Convolutional Neural Networks.
A multi-megawatt test facility for renewable energy research.
2016 IEEE Education Society Awards, 2016 Frontiers in Education Conference Awards, and Selected IEEE Awards.
Entorhinal volume, aerobic fitness, and recognition memory in healthy young adults - A voxel-based morphometry study.
Robust Control of PEP Formation Rate in the Carbon Fixation Pathway of C4 Plants by a Bi-functional Enzyme.
Optimal Energy Management for Stable Operation of an Islanded Microgrid.
A neuroscience gateway - software and implementation.
Social Awareness Tools for Science Research.
Efficient Social Network Multilingual Classification using Character, POS n-grams and Dynamic Normalization.
Creating diverse nearest-neighbour ensembles using simultaneous metaheuristic feature selection.
Predictive Control of a Closed Grinding Circuit System in Cement Industry.
Multi-criteria optimization of supply schedules in intermittent water supply systems.
iLU Preconditioning of the Anisotropic-Finite-Difference Based Solution for the EEG Forward Problem.
Optimal Deadlock Resolutions in Edge-Disjoint Reducible Wait-For Graphs.
s Vireo (Vireo cassinii) individuals from their acoustic sequences using an ensemble of learners.
Semi-autonomous virtual valet parking.
Comparison of brain network models using cross-frequency coupling and attack strategies.
Controlled Measurement and Comparative Analysis of Cellular Components in E. coli Reveals Broad Regulatory Changes in Response to Glucose Starvation.
Player detection in field sports.
On Geodesic E-Convex Sets, Geodesic E-Convex Functions and E-Epigraphs.
Solitons and other solutions for higher-order NLS equation and quantum ZK equation using the extended simplest equation method.
Reduced Cognitive Control Demands after Practice of Saccade Tasks in a Trial Type Probability Manipulation.
Design and evaluation of parallel hashing over large-scale data.
Impact of the Net Neutrality Repeal on Communication Networks.
Dynamic look-ahead in the reduction to band form for the singular value decomposition.
Multi-spatial Classifier for Blue Whale Images using Photo-identification Method.
Una Herramienta de Soporte a la Educación Infantil a través de la Televisión.
From Smart Grids to Business Intelligence, a Challenge for Bioinspired Systems.
Avaliação do preparo e da limpeza de canais radiculares ovais longos comparando os sistemas TF Adaptive e Reciproc, por meio da microtomografia computadorizada e da microscopia eletrônica de varredura.
Biological interaction networks based on sparse temporal expansion of graphical models.
Neural activation during anticipated peer evaluation and laboratory meal intake in overweight girls with and without loss of control eating.
A Weighted Voting Ensemble Self-Labeled Algorithm for the Detection of Lung Abnormalities from X-Rays.
s Disease by Analysis of MR Images Using Multilayer Perceptrons, Polynomial Nets and Kohonen LVQ Classifiers.
Milking the Aanderaa Argument
Computation in Extended Argumentation Frameworks.
Community Awareness in Academic Social Networks.
Design of hybrid wireless sensor network to monitor bioelectric signals focused on the study of epilepsy.
Package of Procedures for Inverting Matrices Whose Entries are Linear Difference Operators.
Sequence Clustering-based Automated Rule Generation for Adaptive Complex Event Processing.
Conceptual Architecture and Service-Oriented Implementation of a Regional Geoportal for Rice Monitoring.
Personalized Guides for Registration in Surgical Navigation.
Integration of Behavioural Requirements Specification within Knowledge Engineering.
CityGML and IFC - Going further than LOD.
How Does Text Affect the Processing of Diagrams in Multimedia Learning?
Predicting mortality over different time horizons - which data elements are needed?
Effect of transparent conductive oxide material and frontal interface on characteristics of Si - H p-i-n junction.
Multi-Channel Distributed Coordinated Function over Single Radio in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Validation of an algorithm for planar surgical resection reconstruction.
Multi-Channel Multi-Radio Using 802.11 Based Media Access for Sink Nodes in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Utilizing ultrasound as a surface digitization tool in image guided liver surgery.
Numerical Optimization At the Center for Research On Parallel Computation.
Effect of the error estimation of nodes in the cluster formation phase in wireless sensor networks with adaptive transmission probability.
A Literature Review on the Use of Soft Computing in Support of Human Resource Management.
Comparison of two Algorithms for Routing Questions and Answers, Applied to Group of Students Software Engineering.
Variability management in a software product line unaware company - towards a real evaluation.
Residual energy-based transmission schemes for event reporting wireless sensor networks.
A Brazilian Speech Database.
Dynamic Ensemble Selection by K-Nearest Local Oracles with Discrimination Index.
Machine Learning Models to Predict Readmission for Patients with Cirrhosis.
Effects of feedback latency on P300-based brain-computer interface.
Superimposed training synchronization for Widely Linear systems.
s Structure via Scheduled Restart Schemes.
Dark Image Enhancement Using Perceptual Color Transfer.
Organizational Participation in Open Communities - Conceptual Framing and Early Findings.
Connectivity-based parcellation of human cortex using diffusion MRI - Establishing reproducibility, validity and observer independence in BA 44/45 and SMA/pre-SMA.
Understanding Public Value Creation in the Delivery of Electronic Services.
Analysis of MIMO Systems used in planning a 4G-WiMAX Network in Ghana.
Bimanual telerobotic surgery with asymmetric force feedback - A daVinci® surgical system implementation.
Strategic decision making for multiple-generation product lines using dynamic state variable models - The cannibalization case.
Practical Measures of Learning Behaviors.
A Review of Wireless Sensor Applications in Remote Sensing and Space Industry - State of the Art and Challenges.
Examining How Gender and Emoticons Influence Facebook Jealousy.
s capacity.
Application of an Associative Memory to the Analysis of Document Fax Images.
On the Discretization of Robust Exact Filtering Differentiators.
MIMO antenna selection using biogeography-based optimization with nonlinear migration models.
Tumor Cell Load and Heterogeneity Estimation From Diffusion-Weighted MRI Calibrated With Histological Data - an Example From Lung Cancer.
Tetrahedral mesh adaptation for Lagrangian shock hydrodynamics.
Integration of Imaging Signs into RadLex.
Radiology Report Comparator - A Novel Method to Augment Resident Education.
Rodent wearable ultrasound system for wireless neural recording.
Partial-Order, Partially-Seen Observations of Fluents or Actions for Plan Recognition as Planning.
ICA-based artefact removal and accelerated fMRI acquisition for improved resting state network imaging.
The Second International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine, eTELEMED 2010, 10-16 February 2010, St. Maarten, Netherlands Antilles
Proximal methods for nonlinear programming - double regularization and inexact subproblems.
Effect of hydrogen dilution on morphology and electronic properties of silicon-germanium films deposited by RF plasma discharge.
Towards Virtual Course Evaluation Using Web Intelligence.
Efficiently Handling Skew in Outer Joins on Distributed Systems.
Design and Implementation of a Medium Access Protocol for a Heterogeneous Wireless Sensor Network.
Integration of gene signatures using biological knowledge.
 Productivity and Collaboration Patterns.
Post-Fire Changes in Forest Biomass Retrieved by Airborne LiDAR in Amazonia.
A security enhanced robust audio steganography algorithm for image hiding using sample comparison in discrete wavelet transform domain and RSA encryption.
Improving The Future of Research Communications and e-Scholarship (Dagstuhl Perspectives Workshop 11331).
Book Reviews.
Book Reviews.
A Nanosensor for TNT Detection Based on Molecularly Imprinted Polymers and Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering.
Book Reviews.
Bessel and Neumann Fitted Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
SIMS analysis of atomic composition of silicon-germanium films deposited by RF plasma discharge.
Using Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data to Constrain a Positron Emission Tomography Kinetic Model - Theory and Simulations.
Image-Based Variational Meshing.
Implications of Diurnal Changes in Leaf PRI on Remote Measurements of Light Use Efficiency.
Behavioral modeling of the dominant dynamics in input-output transfer of linear(ized) circuits.
Differential functional benefits of ultra highfield MR systems within the language network.
Creating Public Value through Digital Government - Lessons on Inter-Organizational Collaboration and Information Technologies.
Analysis and design of a Cascaded H-Bridge topology based on current-source inverters.
Cooperation and coordination concerns in a distributed software development project.
Method to Correct Artifacts in Multilead ECG Using Signal Entropy.
Hybridization of Monte Carlo and set-membership methods for the global localization of underwater robots.
Tropical Peatland Burn Depth and Combustion Heterogeneity Assessed Using UAV Photogrammetry and Airborne LiDAR.
Performance Evaluation of an IaaS Opportunistic Cloud Computing.
On using prosodic cues in automatic language identification.
Quantitative characterization of brain β-amyloid using a joint PiB/FDG PET image histogram.
Integration of Some Constitutive Relations of Plain Strain Alastoplasticity Using Modified Runge-Kutta Methods.
EvAg - a scalable peer-to-peer evolutionary algorithm.
Book Reviews.
ExSol - Collaboratively Assessing Cybersecurity Risks for Protecting Energy Delivery Systems.
MATLAB/Simulink Protection Library development for Evaluation of Protection Coordination for Steel Manufacturer Companies.
Spatio-Temporal Characterization of Synchrophasor Data Against Spoofing Attacks in Smart Grids.
Crowdsourcing Social Media for Military Operations.
Participation of an Energy Storage Aggregator in Electricity Markets.
Building up child-robot relationship for therapeutic purposes - From initial attraction towards long-term social engagement.
A Parallel Algorithm for Tracking of Segments in Noisy Edge Images.
An Initial Screening Method for Tuberculosis Diseases Using a Multi-objective Gradient Evolution-Based Support Vector Machine and C5.0 Decision Tree.
Reachability in Cooperating Systems with Architectural Constraints is PSPACE-Complete.
Multi-objective Optimal Test Suite Computation for Software Product Line Pairwise Testing.
Segmentation of iodine brachytherapy implants in fluoroscopy.
Energy Efficient and Resilient Infrastructure for Fog Computing Health Monitoring Applications.
Validation of the nonhydrostatic General Curvilinear Coastal Ocean Model (GCCOM) for stratified flows.
Optimal Wind DG Integration for Security Risk-Based Line Overload Enhancement - A Two Stage Approach.
Towards a realistic description of traffic flow based on cellular automata.
HEARTEN - An integrated mHealth platform for holistic HF management.
BOF4WSS - A Business-Oriented Framework for Enhancing Web Services Security for e-Business.
Identifying Domain-Specific Cognitive Strategies for Software Engineering.
Arrhythmia Classification Using Biosignal Analysis and Machine Learning Techniques.
Unit Commitment-Based Control of Bus-Split Aggregated Electric Water Heaters.
On estimating the efficiency of a neural optimizer for the parameters of a PID controller for heating objects control.
Causal output tracking for discrete-time linear systems.
Electrical Nonlinearity Emulation Technique for Current-Controlled Memristive Devices.
FIDO - Facilitating interactions for dogs with occupations - wearable communication interfaces for working dogs.
Local Wavelet Features for Statistical Object Classification and Localization.
Lorentzian Iterative Hard Thresholding - Robust Compressed Sensing With Prior Information.
Supervisory control synthesis for a patient support system.
An integrated high-level hardware/software partitioning methodology.
Seeded graph matching.
Two-Step P-stable Methods with Phase-Lag of Order Infinity for the Numerical Solution of Special Second Order Initial Value Problems.
Articular surface remodeling of the hip after periacetabular osteotomy.
Consistent clustering of entries in large pairwise comparison matrices.
Bags of Local Convolutional Features for Scalable Instance Search.
Improved Breast Mass Segmentation in Mammograms with Conditional Residual U-Net.
Joint tensor compression for coupled canonical polyadic decompositions.
Diffusion of innovations in social networks.
Mammographic Ellipse Modelling for Risk Estimation.
Integrating external biological knowledge in the construction of regulatory networks from time-series expression data.
Green IP over WDM Networks - Solar and Wind Renewable Sources and Data Centres.
Parallelising a simulator for the analysis of electromagnetic radiation using MUMPS library.
A simulation-based framework for the generation and evaluation of traffic management strategies.
Performance analysis, design considerations, and applications of extreme-scale in situ infrastructures.
Fog-assisted Caching Employing Solar Renewable Energy for Delivering Video on Demand Service.
Determining a Threshold to Delimit the Amazonian Forests from the Tree Canopy Cover 2000 GFC Data.
Modelling Pricing Policy Based on Shelf-Life of Non Homogeneous Available-To-Promise in Fruit Supply Chains.
Mosaic Ranks and Skeletons.
Algorithms for Argumentation Semantics - Labeling Attacks as a Generalization of Labeling Arguments.
Analysis of spectrum adaptation and spectrum leasing in heterogeneous traffic cognitive radio networks.
The Impact of Automatic Pre-annotation in Clinical Note Data Element Extraction - the CLEAN Tool.
Upgrading Efficiency and Improvement of the Performance of Broadband Wireless Optical Access Communication Networks.
Multi-valued Approach to Near Set Theory.
Real-Time Traffic Flow Management Based on Inter-Object Communication - a Case Study at Intersection.
P 500 applied to flash crash analysis.
Identification model for large remote sensing datasets applied to environmental analysis within mexico.
A Perspective on Iterative Methods for the Approximate Analysis of Closed Queueing Networks.
A new family of k-Fibonacci numbers.
Notes on particular symmetric polynomials with applications.
Answering the call of the wild? - thoughts on the elusive quest for ecological validity in variability modeling.
Volume slicing of cone-beam computed tomography images for navigation of percutaneous scaphoid fixation.
On-board communication-based relative localization for collision avoidance in Micro Air Vehicle teams.
Computing navigational routes in inhomogeneous environments using BVP Path Planner.
An Experience-based Comparison of Unity and Unreal for a Stand-alone 3D Game Development Course.
A note on the first reformulated Zagreb index.
Remote sensing signatures extraction for hydrological resources management applications.
Wavelet Fusion - a Tool to Break the Limits on LMMSE Image Super-Resolution.
A Multithreaded Modular Software Toolkit for Control of Complex Experiments.
Transfer learning on fused multiparametric MR images for classifying histopathological subtypes of rhabdomyosarcoma.
Post classification smoothing in sub-decimeter resolution images with semi-supervised label propagation.
Networked Infectious Disease-Contaminated Water Model.
Simulation Modelling of Iron ORE Production System and Quality Management.
Emergence of synchronicity in a self-organizing spiking neuron network - an approach via genetic algorithms.
A second-order exponential time differencing scheme for non-linear reaction-diffusion systems with dimensional splitting.
Case study of Class III (short line) system inventory to determine 286, 000-LB. (129, 844 KG) railcar operational status in Kansas, USA.
Exposure to Digital and Hands-on Delivery Modes in Engineering Design Education and Their Impact on Task Completion Efficiency.
s Omega.
Subject-to-subject adaptation to reduce calibration time in motor imagery-based brain-computer interface.
Translating Constructionist Learning to Engineering Design Education.
Decentralized data dependency analysis for concurrent process execution.
Comparison of IEEE 802.11 and IEEE 802.15.4 for Future Green Multichannel Multi-radio Wireless Sensor Networks.
The smallest eigenvalues of Hamming graphs, Johnson graphs and other distance-regular graphs with classical parameters.
Design Education and Engineering Design.
8th IEEE International Conference on E-Science, e-Science 2012, Chicago, IL, USA, October 8-12, 2012
Analyzing shoulder translation with navigation technology.
MEMPSODE - an empirical assessment of local search algorithm impact on a memetic algorithm using noiseless testbed.
Using the CER Hub to ensure data quality in a multi-institution smoking cessation study.
A computational method to aid the detection and annotation of pleural lesions in CT images of the thorax.
Analysis of impacts on the change of frequency band for RFID system in Brazil.
State Space Exploration in Markov Models.
MEMPSODE - comparing particle swarm optimization and differential evolution within a hybrid memetic global optimization framework.
ENAMeL - A Language for Binary Correlation Matrix Memories - Reducing the Memory Constraints of Matrix Memories.
Globalization strategies for Mesh Adaptive Direct Search.
Spectroscopy for global observation of coastal and inland aquatic habitats.
Scalable Automation System Based on Raspberry.
Ouroboros - Using potential field in unexplored regions to close loops.
Multi-objective Pareto-optimal control - an application to wastewater management.
Evolutionary Algorithm Parameters and Methods to Tune Them.
FloatX - A C++ Library for Customized Floating-Point Arithmetic.
An Efficient Fast-Mapping SLAM Method for UAS Applications Using Only Range Measurements.
Evolutionary Algorithms.
Unsupervised feature selection for ensemble of classifiers.
Bounding Availability of Repairable Computer Systems.
Multi-scale Forest Species Recognition Systems for Reduced Cost.
Intelligent dynamic case-based reasoning using multi-agents system in adaptive e-service, e-commerce and e-learning systems.
Review of the Book Geographical and Urban Transport Systems (Banos, A. and Thevenin, T.) [Book Review].
Integrating Current Practices and Information Systems in KM Initiatives - A Knowledge Management Audit Approach.
 (Cheng, H.; 2011) [Book review].
 (Eskandarian, A.; 2012) [Book Review].
A Comparison of Finite Element-Based Inversion Algorithms, Local Frequency Estimation, and Direct Inversion Approach Used in MRE.
Comparative Analysis of Oil-Filled Transformer and Solid-State Transformer for Electric Arc Furnace.
Application of hybrid incremental modeling for predicting surface roughness in micromachining processes.
Evaluating Reward Definitions for Parameter Control.
Comparing image search behaviour in the ARRS GoldMiner search engine and a clinical PACS/RIS.
Artificial intelligence-based modelling and optimization of microdrilling processes.
Electronics for the RADMON instrument on the Aalto-1 student satellite.
Introducing a Stable Bootstrap Validation Framework for Reliable Genomic Signature Extraction.
Modeling Resource Sharing Dynamics of VoIP Users over a WLAN Using a Game-Theoretic Approach.
Multi-platform demonstrations using the Iris architecture for cognitive radio network testbeds.
Learning-Based Multi-Label Segmentation of Transrectal Ultrasound Images for Prostate Brachytherapy.
DHTCache - A Distributed Service to Improve the Selection of Cache Configurations within a Highly-Distributed Context.
45-nm silicon-on-insulator CMOS technology integrating embedded DRAM for high-performance server and ASIC applications.
Text Classification Algorithms - A Survey.
A fuzzy hierarchical operator in the grey wolf optimizer algorithm.
Combinatorial systems defined over one- and two-letter alphabets.
Facial expression recognition using ensemble of classifiers.
Inside the Virtual Robotics Challenge - Simulating Real-Time Robotic Disaster Response.
PEAT- a tool to predict team performance in systems.
Challenges and Solutions to Assisting Older Adults in Completing the GED - A Study of What the Experts Say.
s Role on Learning Outcomes in a Mixed Reality Classroom of Simulated Students.
Network formation in the presence of contagious risk.
HDLTex - Hierarchical Deep Learning for Text Classification.
Haptic Simulator for Prostate Brachytherapy with Simulated Ultrasound.
Adaptive Group Testing Algorithms to Estimate the Number of Defectives.
Group classification for nonlinear filtration problem.
Modeling and analysis of TXOP differentiation in infrastructure-based WLANs.
Music Genre Recognition Using Gabor Filters and LPQ Texture Descriptors.
Quality Control-Driven Image Segmentation Towards Reliable Automatic Image Analysis in Large-Scale Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance Aortic Cine Imaging.
Situation-based privacy autonomous management for mobile social networks.
An empirical study of software reliability in SDN controllers.
FeTa - A DCA Pruning Algorithm with Generalization Error Guarantees.
Implicit Locking in the Ensemble Concurrent Object-Oriented Graphics Editor.
Generalized invariant-geometry conditions for the rational Bézier paths.
Mixing patterns and individual differences in networks.
On semidefinite programming bounds for graph bandwidth.
Visualization Requirements in the Atmospheric and Environmental Sciences (Five Case Study Reports).
Using Connected Accounts to Enhance Information Spread in Social Networks.
A robust predictor for nonlinear systems with dead time.
Advanced Technology to Increase the Use of PV Energy in Copper Electrowinning.
Security of 3D-HEVC transmission based on fusion and watermarking techniques.
Tripal v3 - an ontology-based toolkit for construction of FAIR biological community databases.
Improved joint algorithms for reliable wireless transmission of 3D color-plus-depth multi-view video.
The WU-Minn Human Connectome Project - An overview.
Growth and characterization of ZnO nanowires on p-type GaN.
On the in-field test of Branch Prediction Units using the correlated predictor mechanism.
A New Adaptive Image Interpolation Method to Define the Shoreline at Sub-Pixel Level.
Guest Editorial Special Issue on Cloud Robotics and Automation.
Finding longest paths in hypercubes, snakes and coils.
Integration and Differentiation in Dynamic Recurrent Neural Networks.
A power controlled RF CMOS class-E PA with 43% maximum efficiency in 2.2 GHz.
Quality assessment of interactive voice applications.
Generalized chaotic maps and elementary functions between analysis and implementation.
Academic Misconduct in the Early 21st Century.
Probabilistic extraction and discovery of fundamental units in dolphin whistles.
Modelling zinc changes at the hippocampal mossy fiber synaptic cleft.
Evaluating Performance of the Single Leg Squat Exercise with a Single Inertial Measurement Unit.
Applications of machine learning to performance evaluation.
Adaptive Resource Allocation Algorithms for Multi-user MIMO-OFDM Systems.
Erratum to - Adaptive Resource Allocation Algorithms for Multi-user MIMO-OFDM Systems.
Motion perception of biological swarms.
Diffusions of innovations on deterministic topologies.
Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems co-located with the 9th International Conference on Persuasive Technology (PERSUASIVE 2014), Padua, Italy, May 22, 2014.
A Self-Supervised Classifier Ensemble for Source Recognition in Acoustic Sensor Arrays.
Design methodology for the IBM POWER7 microprocessor.
ProxiScientia - Toward real-time visualization of task and developer dependencies in collaborating software development teams.
Gripper robótico antropomórfico a los dedos primero y segundo, sensible a la presión.
Particle Swarm Optimization of Fuzzy ARTMAP Parameters.
Safe distributed motion coordination for second-order systems with different planning cycles.
Spectra of random graphs with arbitrary expected degrees
Improved AURA k-Nearest Neighbour Approach.
s dependencies.
Runtime Characterization of Triple Stores.
Automatic Prostate Segmentation Using Fused Ultrasound B-Mode and Elastography Images.
Packing unequal circles using formulation space search.
Hardware Accelerator for the Multifractal Analysis of DNA Sequences.
Atlas-Based Reduced Models of Blood Flows for Fast Patient-Specific Simulations.
Kernel-based sparse representation for gesture recognition.
Tools to support mesh adaptation on massively parallel computers.
Alkahest NuclearBLAST - a user-friendly BLAST management and analysis system.
Altruistic QoS Routing with Multimedia Dispersion.
A Review of Optimal Control Techniques Applied to the Energy Management and Control of Microgrids.
Co2 Emissions Reduction of Photovoltaic Thermal Model Using Variable Flow Rate Values.
A comprehensive and scalable middleware for Ambient Assisted Living based on cloud computing and Internet of Things.
Flexible loads in future energy networks.
Proteochemometric modelling coupled to in silico target prediction - an integrated approach for the simultaneous prediction of polypharmacology and binding affinity/potency of small molecules.
The Emergence of Multi-cellular Robot Organisms through On-Line On-Board Evolution.
Evaluating E-learning Platforms for Schools - Use and Usability, User Acceptance, and Impact on Learning.
Observationally Cooperative Multithreading.
Simulation of a full-duplex microwave photonic filter.
Green flexible opportunistic computing with task consolidation and virtualization.
Accuracy and precision of pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling perfusion during baseline and hypercapnia - A head-to-head comparison with 15O H2O positron emission tomography.
Deconvolving convolution neural network for cell detection.
Planning for multiple-generation product lines using dynamic variable state models with data input from similar products.
Interpretation of microbiota-based diagnostics by explaining individual classifier decisions.
Dynamically stable control of articulated crowds.
Apolipoprotein E genotype, gender and age modulate connectivity of the hippocampus in healthy adults.
Discovery and replication of SNP-SNP interactions for quantitative lipid traits in over 60,000 individuals.
Arm load magnitude affects selective shoulder muscle activation.
Introduction to special issue - Physics and computer science - quantum computation and other approaches.
BatteryLab, a distributed power monitoring platform for mobile devices - demo abstract.
Evaluating the Impact of Irrecoverable Read Errors on Disk Array Reliability.
Evaluating 35 Methods to Generate Structural Connectomes Using Pairwise Classification.
A Distributed Object Computing Approach to e-Learning.
Implementation of a Laboratory-Based Educational Tool for Teaching Nonlinear Circuits and Chaos.
Neural network-based multi-agent approach for scheduling in distributed systems.
Improving Maritime Awareness with Semantic Genetic Programming and Linear Scaling - Prediction of Vessels Position Based on AIS Data.
Genome3D - a UK collaborative project to annotate genomic sequences with predicted 3D structures based on SCOP and CATH domains.
Automatic Fruits Identification System Using Hybrid Technique.
Scaling distributed energy storage for grid peak reduction.
s Method for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation in Two Dimensions.
Gender and Age Differences in the Study Plan of University Students.
Analysis of the ECG Signal Using SVD-Based Parametric Modelling Technique.
Coauthorship and citation in scientific publishing
Generating capacity reliability assessment of the Itaipu hydroelectric plant via sequential Monte Carlo simulation.
Implementation of an electronic medical record does not change delivery of preventive care for HIV-positive patients.
Enhanced visualisation of dance performance from automatically synchronised multimodal recordings.
Improved steady state and transient behavior of static power converters by means of an operating mode identifier algorithm.
Learning without Coding.
Can Planning Images Reduce Scatter in Follow-Up Cone-Beam CT?
Scheduling with dynamic constraints in application to Magnetic Resonance Imaging scans processing.
Scheduling with sequence dependent setup times in application to Magnetic Resonance Imaging scans processing.
MAGIC 2.0 - A web tool for false positive prediction and prevention for gesture recognition systems.
Improving Spatial Codification in Semantic Segmentation.
Quantitative Electron Density CT Imaging for Radiotherapy Planning.
A Genetic Optimization Approach for Isolating Translational Efficiency Bias.
Real-time leak detection and isolation in plastic pipelines with equivalent control based observers.
Deploying CogTool - integrating quantitative usability assessment into real-world software development.
 [Med. Image Anal. 18(2014) 63-82].
Group-wise construction of reduced models for understanding and characterization of pulmonary blood flows from medical images.
Measuring dimensions of perceived e-business risks.
Diurnal Changes in Leaf Photochemical Reflectance Index in Two Evergreen Forest Canopies.
ADC-based serial I/O receivers.
Realtime Dense Stereo Matching with Dynamic Programming in CUDA.
An Efficient Algorithm for Media-based Surveillance System (EAMSuS) in IoT Smart City Framework.
Quantitative characterization of brain β-amyloid in 718 normal subjects using a joint PiB/FDG PET image histogram.
A bioinspired dynamical vertical climbing robot.
Power usage of production supercomputers and production workloads.
Game Theory - A Potential Tool for the Design and Analysis of Patient-Robot Interaction Strategies.
Multi-stable perception balances stability and sensitivity.
e-Clouds - Scientific Computing as a Service.
Assessing the E-Services of International Airport Websites - Implications for Innovative E-Tourism Applications.
Electronic poster - co-visualization of full data and in situ data extracts from unstructured grid cfd at 160k cores.
Compressed sensing in Hilbert spaces.
Enhanced Performance of H.264 Using FPGA Coprocessors in Video Surveillance.
Estimating elasticity in heterogeneous phantoms using Digital Image Elasto-Tomography.
s Conjecture.
Experimental investigations into the role of passive variable compliant legs for dynamic robotic locomotion.
Discrete-event implementation of observer-based feedback control of manufacturing system.
Relation learning in a neurocomputational architecture supports cross-domain transfer.
Enriching the Fan Experience in a Smart Stadium Using Internet of Things Technologies.
Models of Consensus for Multiple Agent Systems
Adaptative Cubical Grid for Isosurface Extraction.
A Hybrid Lab for Evaluation of Analog ASICs.
Comparative analysis of classical multi-objective evolutionary algorithms and seeding strategies for pairwise testing of Software Product Lines.
Eradication of Multiple Access Interference Using a Modified Multi-service Code for SAC-OCDMA.
Performance Analysis of Diagonal Eigenvalue Unity (DEU) Code Using NAND Subtraction and Spectral Direct Detection Techniques and Its Use with Triple-Play-Services in SAC-OCDMA.
Biocomputing 2014 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2014
Accurate and Robust Segmentation of the Clinical Target Volume for Prostate Brachytherapy.
IT non-conformity in institutional environments - E-marketplace adoption in the government sector.
A New Approach towards Coercion-Resistant Remote E-Voting in Linear Time.
Theta rhythm and the encoding and retrieval of space and time.
A multisensor LBS using SIFT-based 3D models.
Accurate Determination of Imaging Modality using an Ensemble of Text- and Image-Based Classifiers.
Evolving Communication in Robotic Swarms Using On-Line, On-Board, Distributed Evolutionary Algorithms.
Future of Mining Software Archives - A Roundtable.
Standardized evaluation methodology and reference database for evaluating IVUS image segmentation.
Analysis of RadLex Coverage and Term Co-occurrence in Radiology Reporting Templates.
Predicting protein transport mechanism and immune response using spatial protein motifs and epitopes - a case study of Chlamydophila MOMP.
A two-phase heuristic for the energy-efficient scheduling of independent tasks on computational grids.
A Photovoltaic Model With Reduced Computational Time.
The Philadelphia Neurodevelopmental Cohort - A publicly available resource for the study of normal and abnormal brain development in youth.
Low-Complexity 2D Direction-of-Arrival Estimation for Acoustic Sensor Arrays.
Exploiting Big Data from Mobile Device Sensor-Based Apps - Challenges and Benefits.
Textile Interfaces - Embroidered Jog-Wheel, Beaded Tilt Sensor, Twisted Pair Ribbon, and Sound Sequins.
A numerical model for aggregations formation and magnetic driving of spherical particles based on OpenFOAM®.
Conserved host response to highly pathogenic avian influenza virus infection in human cell culture, mouse and macaque model systems.
Evolution of a risk coefficient in artificial societies.
Spatial-temporal characteristics of NPP based on processed model from 2002 to 2010 in Gansu Province, Northwest China.
Evaluation about the Descriptive Power of QSL - A Specification Language for E-Questionnaire, E-Testing, and E-Voting Systems.
Cross cultural analysis of the use and perceptions of web Based learning systems.
Design and Implementation of Programmable Multi-Parametric 4-Degrees of Freedom Seismic Waves Ground Motion Simulation IoT Platform.
Tonic - Combining Ranking and Clustering Dynamics for Music Discovery.
Classification of Different Vegetation Types Combining Two Information Sources Through a Probabilistic Segmentation Approach.
Quantifying How Students Use an Online Learning System - A Focus on Transitions and Performance.
Trends in the chemical and pharmacological research on the tropical trees Calophyllum brasiliense and Calophyllum inophyllum, a global context.
Information security of data channels based on a multifunctional tailored software and hardware solution.
E-fulfillment and multi-channel distribution - A review.
Assessment of multiple ecosystem services in New Zealand at the catchment scale.
Understanding the popular users - Following, affiliation influence and leadership on GitHub.
Constrained Least Squares for Extended Complex Factor Analysis.
Identifying motion pathways in highly crowded scenes - A non-parametric tracklet clustering approach.
An overview of energy efficiency techniques in cluster computing systems.
Estimating building simulation parameters via Bayesian structure learning.
Sparsity-Driven GMTI Processing Framework With Multichannel SAR.
Evolving Compiler Heuristics to Manage Communication and Contention.
On synchronization of coupled Hopf-Kuramoto oscillators with phase delays.
Reciprocal public sensing for integrated RFID-Sensor Networks.
s developmental progress using augmented toys and activity recognition.
Multi-scale Inference of Interaction Rules in Animal Groups Using Bayesian Model Selection.
On-line evolution of robot controllers by an encapsulated evolution strategy.
Evaluating the covariance matrix constraints for data-driven statistical human motion reconstruction.
Can a Machine Learn Through Customer Sentiment? - A Cost-Aware Approach to Predict Support Ticket Escalations.
Experimental ANN-based modeling of an adjustable damper.
Genome-scale metabolic reconstructions of Bifidobacterium adolescentis L2-32 and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii A2-165 and their interaction.
A heuristic for the circle packing problem with a variety of containers.
30 fs in photonic SiGe BiCMOS technology.
Task-parallel global optimization with application to protein folding.
A signal impairment-aware scheme for next-gen flexible spectrum in 10 Gb/s VCSEL metro-access optical fibre networks.
Requirements for building an ontology for autonomous robots.
Gust disturbance alleviation with Incremental Nonlinear Dynamic Inversion.
Cyclostationary features of downsampled 802.11g OFDM signal for cognitive positioning systems.
The Need for Standardisation in Low Power Smart Sensing.
Automation of Chestnuts Selection Process Using Computer Vision in Real Time.
Automatic Identification of Human Parasite Eggs Based on Multitexton Histogram Retrieving the Relationships between Textons.
On the feasibility of transperineal 3D ultrasound image guidance for robotic radical prostatectomy.
A novel online model-based wind estimation approach for quadrotor micro air vehicles using low cost MEMS IMUs.
Splicing of Concurrent Upper-body Motion Spaces with Locomotion.
Remember the Source - Dissociating Frontal and Parietal Contributions to Episodic Memory.
Recognizing task-specific dynamic structure of the brain function from EEG.
Event-based control strategy for consensus of a group of VTOL-UAVs.
Self-adaptive systems - A survey of current approaches, research challenges and applications.
Chemically Aware Model Builder (camb) - an R package for property and bioactivity modelling of small molecules.
Lifelong Learning Selection Hyper-heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Recursive Split, Solve, and Join Strategy for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Efficient anomaly detection from medical signals and images.
Inverse Stability Problem and Applications to Renewables Integration.
A two-phase heuristic for the scheduling of independent tasks on computational grids.
A high performance GPU implementation of Surface Energy Balance System (SEBS) based on CUDA-C.
A Multi-level Perspective on Digital Platform Implementation and Impact - The Case of EasyTaxi in Colombia.
Thanatos - automatically retrieving information from death certificates in Brazil.
Anterior Temporal Lobe Tracks the Formation of Prejudice.
 Perspective.
The Impact of Stakeholders? Geographical Distribution on Managing Requirements in a Multi-Site Organization.
Fast CNN-Based Object Tracking Using Localization Layers and Deep Features Interpolation.
MIMONet - Gland Segmentation Using Multi-Input-Multi-Output Convolutional Neural Network.
Secure Transaction Authentication Protocol.
Computational Science Research and Graduate Studies at San Diego State University.
Szego transformations and Nth order associated polynomials on the unit circle.
Requirements Engineering for E-science - Experiences in Epidemiology.
Writer-independent Feature Learning for Offline Signature Verification using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
ACon - A learning-based approach to deal with uncertainty in contextual requirements at runtime.
On Metrics for Location-Aware Games.
Analyzing features learned for Offline Signature Verification using Deep CNNs.
Modelling the success of learning management systems - application of latent class segmentation using FIMIX-PLS.
Seniors and Technology - Results from a Field Study.
Pathways to effective K-12 STEM programs.
Advancing value creation and value capture in data-intensive contexts.
Any Circulant-Like Preconditioner for Multilevel Matrices Is Not Superlinear.
Motion Synthesis for Sports Using Unobtrusive Lightweight Body-Worn and Environment Sensing.
Backscatter signatures of wind-thrown forest in satellite SAR images.
Performance Analysis of Dynamic Spectrum Leasing Strategies in Overlay Cognitive Radio Networks.
Assessing Textural Features for Writer Identification on Different Writing Styles and Forgeries.
Cascaded multi-class pairwise classifier (CascaMPa) for normal, cancerous, and cancer confounder classes in prostate histology.
Security Analysis of Chaotic Baker Maps.
Comparative analysis of pan-sharpening techniques on DubaiSat-1 images.
VISION - Interactive and Selective Visualization for Management of NFV-Enabled Networks.
Importance of Parameter Settings on the Benefits of Robot-to-Robot Learning in Evolutionary Robotics.
3D Face Alignment in the Wild - A Landmark-Free, Nose-Based Approach.
Crop Classification in Satellite Images through Probabilistic Segmentation Based on Multiple Sources.
Registration-based measurement of regional expiration volume ratio using dynamic 4DCT imaging.
Deformable multimodal registration for navigation in beating-heart cardiac surgery.
Trying Broadband Characterization at Home.
Effect of frontal interface configuration on electronic properties of organic-inorganic hybrid solar cells.
300 K for hybrid photovoltaic applications.
An intelligent support system for automatic detection of cerebral vascular accidents from brain CT images.
Antecedents and Consequences of E-News Brand Trust - An Empirical Study of E-News Brand in Indonesia.
Multispectral classification of remote sensing imagery for archaeological land use analysis - Prospective study.
Pipelining Memetic Algorithms, Constraint Satisfaction, and Local Search for Course Timetabling.
Development of a Virtual Reality Based Simulation Environment for Orthopedic Surgical Training.
Dynamical processing of geophysical signatures based on spot-5 remote sensing imagery.
An overview of the BlueGene/L Supercomputer.
 - A web portal for electrical conductivity calculations in geosciences.
Toward Building a Legal Knowledge-Base of Chinese Judicial Documents for Large-Scale Analytics.
On the Implementation of an Advanced Online E-Grade System - Case Study of E-Learning System.
White matter integrity and cognitive performance in school-age children - A population-based neuroimaging study.
Efficient deadlock analysis of component-based software architectures.
Guest Editorial - Recent Advances on Security and Privacy of Multimedia Big Data in the Critical Infrastructure.
Particle observers for state estimation and adaptation in deterministic systems with random piecewise constant inputs.
Performance Analysis of a Wireless Sensor Network for Seism Reporting in an Overlay Cognitive Radio System.
Performance Analysis of Approximate Message Passing for Distributed Compressed Sensing.
Diagnosis of Cervical Cancer Using the Median M-Type Radial Basis Function (MMRBF) Neural Network.
DeepTEGINN - Deep Learning Based Tools to Extract Graphs from Images of Neural Networks.
Stock price prediction using LSTM, RNN and CNN-sliding window model.
Efficient Global Indoor Localization for Micro Aerial Vehicles.
On the development of high-throughput and area-efficient multi-mode cryptographic hash designs in FPGAs.
An improved adaptive pattern analysis algorithm for isolating EMI.
A discontinuous Galerkin finite-element method for a 1D prototype of the Boltzmann equation.
Adaptation of RFC 1149 for IPv6.
Images segmentation by using differential evolution with constraints handling.
Status of the BNL muon (g-2) experiment.
Challenges and Opportunities in the Digital Era - 17th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2018, Kuwait City, Kuwait, October 30 - November 1, 2018, Proceedings
Finger motion estimation and synthesis for gesturing characters.
Developing reproducible bioinformatics analysis workflows for heterogeneous computing environments to support African genomics.
Structure-aware transfer of facial blendshapes.
 Introduction].
An investigation of critical factors in medical device development through Bayesian networks.
Vertical landing for micro air vehicles using event-based optical flow.
Modelling of PM10 concentrations over Milano urban area using two aerosol modules.
Real-time event detection for online behavioral analysis of big social data.
Artistic Vision - Providing Contextual Guidance for Capture-Time Decisions.
Designing a Customer Information Privacy Program Aligned with Organizational Priorities.
Initial Results from Using Preference Ranking Organization Methods for Enrichment of Evaluations to Help Steer a Powered Wheelchair.
Parallel Symbiotic Organisms Search Algorithm.
Fully Convolutional Crowd Counting on Highly Congested Scenes.
TTMF - A Triple Trustworthiness Measurement Frame for Knowledge Graphs.
A redefinition of roles and collaboration under model-driven development.
Robust Control Contraction Metrics - A Convex Approach to Nonlinear State-Feedback H∞ Control.
A Collaborative Digital Pathology System for Multi-Touch Mobile and Desktop Computing Platforms.
Fixed-sized representation learning from Offline Handwritten Signatures of different sizes.
Contraction and Robustness of Continuous Time Primal-Dual Dynamics.
Standardized problem list generation, utilizing the Mayo canonical vocabulary embedded within the Unified Medical Language System.
Lamarckian Evolution of Simulated Modular Robots.
A Generic Approach to Parameter Control.
The Most Cited IEEE Software Articles.
Hyper-parameter Learning for Sparse Structured Probabilistic Models.
A power grid analysis and verification tool based on a Statistical Prediction Engine.
Exploration of cryptographic ASIP designs for wireless sensor nodes.
A new domain decomposition for B-spline Neural Networks.
Operational research models applied to the fresh fruit supply chain.
A parametric symmetric linear four-step method for the efficient integration of the Schrödinger equation and related oscillatory problems.
Visualizing large-scale atomistic simulations in ultra-resolution immersive environments.
A template-based methodology for efficient microprocessor and FPGA accelerator co-design.
Sparse Representations in Audio and Music - From Coding to Source Separation.
Study on the Chinese Word Semantic Relation Classification with Word Embedding.
MobiMonitor - A mobile app for monitoring distance courses in the Amazon region.
Energy-aware fast scheduling heuristics in heterogeneous computing systems.
Probabilistic Interpolation of Uncertain Local Activation Times on Human Atrial Manifolds.
Community Organizations - Changing the Culture in Which Research Software Is Developed and Sustained.
A visual sensing platform for creating a smarter multi-modal marine monitoring network.
.
Improved illumination invariant homomorphic filtering using the dual tree complex wavelet transform.
Investigations on mobility models and their impact on indoor positioning.
A comparison of automated training-by-example selection algorithms for Evidence Based Software Engineering.
Protein Molecular Function Prediction by Bayesian Phylogenomics.
Age-specific predictive models of human performance.
On the impact of urban intersection characteristics in vehicular to vehicular (V2V) communications.
Towards Parameter-free Data Mining - Mining Educational Data with Yacaree.
A Rule Chaining Architecture Using a Correlation Matrix Memory.
Polynomial and RBF Kernels as Marker Selection Tools-A Breast Cancer Case Study.
OpenMP GNU and Intel Fortran programs for solving the time-dependent Gross-Pitaevskii equation.
The Impact of Requirement Splitting on the Efficiency of Supervisory Control Synthesis.
Iris - an architecture for cognitive radio networking testbeds.
Numerov-type methods with minimal phase-lag for the numerical integration of the one-dimensional Schrödinger equation.
Synthesis of Realistic ECG using Generative Adversarial Networks.
Study on thermoelastic dissipation in bulk mode resonators with etch holes.
Educational video classification by using a transcript to image transform and supervised learning.
Social interaction and reflection for behaviour change.
Electric arc furnace model in distribution systems.
A Dissipative Exponentially-Fitted Method for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
Genome3D - exploiting structure to help users understand their sequences.
Complexity Properties of Critical Sets of Arguments.
Optimal dynamic routing protocols for agro-sensor communication in MANETs.
Virtual processing software for distributed analysis of high-resolution remote sensing data.
Force Analysis for Interactions beyond the Closest Neighbor in a Periodic Structure.
Distributed land use classification with improved processing time using high-resolution multispectral data.
The use of an artificial neural network to detect automatically managed accounts in social networks.
Photo-id of blue whale by means of the dorsal fin using clustering algorithms and color local complexity estimation for mobile devices.
FCLAB - An EEGLAB module for performing functional connectivity analysis on single-subject EEG data.
Easing the generation of predictive human performance models from legacy systems.
The use of PET-MRI in the follow-up after radiofrequency- and microwave ablation of colorectal liver metastases.
Use of Intel SGX to ensure the confidentiality of data of cloud users.
A patient-driven adaptive prediction technique to improve personalized risk estimation for clinical decision support.
Making snapshot isolation serializable.
Room-level indoor positioning with Wi-Fi and RFID fingerprints.
An airborne simulation of the SMAP data stream.
Efficient nonconflict check by using automaton abstractions.
On the impact of intra-system interference for ranging and positioning with Bluetooth low energy.
Properties of Random VAFs and Implications for Efficient Algorithms.
Illumination Invariant Robust Likelihood Estimator for Particle Filtering Based Target Tracking.
Remote Real-Time Monitoring of Subsurface Landfill Gas Migration.
Towards a Framework to Support ICT-Based Processes in Early Care Settings.
A Site-Specific Study of In-Building Wireless Solutions.
 stereoscopic camera with visual-motor aligned control for the da Vinci surgical system - a preliminary study.
Expert systems and uncertainty in medical diagnosis - a proposal for fuzzy-ANP hybridisation.
A framework for modeling the complex interaction between breast cancer and diabetes.
Characterizing and Improving the Reliability of Broadband Internet Access.
Interdomain Access Control with Policy Routing.
A Low-Cost Smart Sensor Network for Catchment Monitoring.
HomePlug 1.0 powerline communication LANs - protocol description and performance results.
Phone Recognition with the Mean-Covariance Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
The Chemical Abstracts Service Chemical Registry System. III. Stereochemistry.
Real-time performance-driven finger motion synthesis.
Powerline communications and applications.
Enabling Process-Based Collaboration in Moodle by Using Aspectual Services.
Brief communication - CAPriCORN - Chicago Area Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Network.
Predicting future lifetime based on random number of three parameters Weibull distribution.
Dealing with measurement noise in integrative dead-time processes.
A statistical framework for EEG channel selection and seizure prediction on mobile.
Finite control set model predictive control with reduced switching frequency applied to multi-cell rectifiers.
Equilibrium play and adaptive learning in a three-person centipede game.
Interactive Coconut Tree Annotation Using Feature Space Projections.
Enhanced Hyperspectral Unmixing via Non-Negative Matrix Factorization Incorporating the end Member Independence.
Modeling of information influence on remote wireless network devices.
Optimal Tradeoff Between Exposed and Hidden Nodes in Large Wireless Networks
e-BioFlow - Improving Practical Use of Workflow Systems in Bioinformatics.
Spatial fairness in linear wireless multi-access networks
Self-adapting fitness evaluation times for on-line evolution of simulated robots.
Assessment of a Supervisory Fault-Hiding Scheme in a Classical Guidance, Navigation and Control Setup - the e.Deorbit mission.
Thermodynamically Constrained Averaging Theory - Principles, Model Hierarchies, and Deviation Kinetic Energy Extensions.
An active contour algorithm for spectrogram track detection.
Model-Based Engineering of Supervisory Controllers using CIF.
Effect of Spectrum Occupancy on the Performance of a Real Valued Neural Networl Based Energy Detector.
Non-Binary Approaches for Classification of Amyloid Brain PET.
Neo-Fuzzy Supported Brain Emotional Learning Based Pattern Recognizer for Classification Problems.
Efficient underwater acoustic communication with peak-to-average power ratio reduction and channel equalization.
Robust compressive sensing of sparse signals - a review.
A supply chain of things - The EAGLET ontology for highly visible supply chains.
Prediction of brain maturity in infants using machine-learning algorithms.
iDASH - integrating data for analysis, anonymization, and sharing.
Coarse-fine residual gravity cancellation system with magnetic levitation.
Multi-Sensor Data Fusion for Real-Time Surface Quality Control in Automated Machining Systems.
Fine-Grained Hierarchical Classification of Plant Leaf Images Using Fusion of Deep Models.
The EarthCARE mission BBR instrument - ground testing of radiometric performance.
Resistive-less memcapacitor-based relaxation oscillator.
Three parameter gamma-type growth curve, using a stochastic gamma diffusion model - Computational statistical aspects and simulation.
Applying MDA Concepts to Develop a Domain CORBA Facility for E-learning.
Shallow and Deep Convolutional Networks for Saliency Prediction.
A New Compact Microstrip Integrated E-Array Patch Antenna with High Gain and High Aperture Efficiency.
Identification and Selection of Flow Features for Accurate Traffic Classification in SDN.
Mutating Epidemic Processes Over Time-Varying Networks in Discrete-Time.
Benchmarking the passive differential input technique to shielded GSG probes.
Independence Results for n-Ary Recursion Theorems.
A Methodology for Speeding Up Fast Fourier Transform Focusing on Memory Architecture Utilization.
Modelling the human components of complex systems.
Brain anatomical substrates of mirror movements in Kallmann syndrome.
Studying Order Picking in an Operating Automobile Manufacturing Plant.
Evidence on the impact of T-shaped tether variations on Q factor of bulk-mode square-plate resonators.
A Grey-Box Ensemble Model Exploiting Black-Box Accuracy and White-Box Intrinsic Interpretability.
Working towards a holistic organisational systems model.
Trends Shaping Public Sector Transformation - Knowledge Management, E-Government and Enterprise Architecture.
FlameStream - Model and Runtime for Distributed Stream Processing.
Electronic relay performance in the inband device-to-device (D2D) communication system.
Brief communication - pSCANNER - patient-centered Scalable National Network for Effectiveness Research.
Energy and spectral efficiencies trade-off with filter optimisation in multiple access interference-aware networks.
Stability preserving maps for finite-time convergence - Super-twisting sliding-mode algorithm.
Sequential Multiple LSB methods and real-time data hiding - variations for Visual Cryptography ciphers.
Assessing electronic health record phenotypes against gold-standard diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus.
SWOT analysis for TV white spaces.
Multi-label classification by ART-based neural networks and hierarchy extraction.
Fusion in diffusion MRI for improved fibre orientation estimation - An application to the 3T and 7T data of the Human Connectome Project.
A Methodology for Speeding up MVM for Regular, Toeplitz and Bisymmetric Toeplitz Matrices.
Clinical applications of musculoskeletal modelling for the shoulder and upper limb.
SMAP L-Band Microwave Radiometer - Instrument Design and First Year on Orbit.
Offline handwritten signature verification - Literature review.
Model predictive control of a tilt-rotor UAV for load transportation.
Bounds on Rényi and Shannon Entropies for Finite Mixtures of Multivariate Skew-Normal Distributions - Application to Swordfish (Xiphias gladius Linnaeus).
Efficient Free-Rider Detection Using Symmetric Overlays.
Travelling Wave Expansion - A Model Fitting Approach to the Inverse Problem of Elasticity Reconstruction.
Rural distribution meter failures in Colombia.
X-PACE - Modified Password Authenticated Connection Establishment protocol.
A scenario generation framework for automating instructional support in scenario-based training.
Seeking Success in E-Business - A Multidisciplinary Approach, IFIP TC8 / WG8.4 Second Working Conference on E-Business - Multidisciplinary Research and Practice, June 9-11, 2002, Copenhagen, Denmark
Predicting Probability of Customer Churn in Insurance.
Self-Tuning Method for Increased Obstacle Detection Reliability Based on Internet of Things LiDAR Sensor Models.
Segmental parameterisation and statistical modelling of e-mail headers for spam detection.
Estimation of the inverse Weibull parameters under adaptive type-II progressive hybrid censoring scheme.
Enhanced symbiotic organisms search algorithm for unrelated parallel machines manufacturing scheduling with setup times.
Speed Bump Detection Using Accelerometric Features - A Genetic Algorithm Approach.
Experimental Study of a 1-kW Organic Rankine Cycle Using R245fa Working Fluid and a Scroll Expander - A Case Study.
In Limbo - The Effect of Gradual Visual Transition Between Real and Virtual on Virtual Body Ownership Illusion and Presence.
An Evaluation of Otoacoustic Emissions as a Biometric.
Where is my Phone ? Personal Object Retrieval from Egocentric Images.
The Limitation and Practical Acceleration of Stochastic Gradient Algorithms in Inverse Problems.
Multi-competitive viruses over static and time-varying networks.
Feedback linearization control methods for accurate leaf photosynthesis measurements.
Hierarchical Spatio-temporal Visual Analysis of Cluster Evolution in Electrocorticography Data.
Approximating Lévy Semistationary Processes via Fourier Methods in the Context of Power Markets.
A retrofit eye gaze tracker for the da Vinci and its integration in task execution using the da Vinci Research Kit.
Performance Evaluation of Asynchronous Concurrent Systems - The UCLA Graph Model of Behavior.
Matched-filter acquisition for BOLD fMRI.
Global Soil Moisture From the Aquarius/SAC-D Satellite - Description and Initial Assessment.
Barriers and Enablers of Use of a Cardiovascular Health Application in Cancer Survivorship Care.
Feature selection for ensembles applied to handwriting recognition.
A Novel Design Approach for 5G Massive MIMO and NB-IoT Green Networks Using a Hybrid Jaya-Differential Evolution Algorithm.
Application of New Hybrid Jaya Grey Wolf Optimizer to Antenna Design for 5G Communications Systems.
A Symbiotic Organisms Search Algorithm for Optimal Allocation of Blood Products.
Using Structured e-Forum to Support the Legislation Formation Process.
 Narratives Using Deep Learning.
Performance analysis of data intensive cloud systems based on data management and replication - a survey.
Dynamics, Criticality and Self-Organization in a Model for Blackouts in Power Transmission Systems.
Fusing Decision Support into the Fabric of Healthcare to Prevent Medication Errors.
Fixed-sized representation learning from offline handwritten signatures of different sizes.
E-VeT - Economic Reward/Penalty-Based System for Vehicular Traffic Management.
Automatic Detection of Knee Joints and Quantification of Knee Osteoarthritis Severity Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
Sagnac loop based photonic filter and its application in optical telecommunications systems.
Motion Primitives for Robotic Flight Control
Avoidance of Convex and Concave Obstacles With Convergence Ensured Through Contraction.
A workload model for performance evaluation of multimedia signalling systems.
Predictive monitoring for early detection of subacute potentially catastrophic illnesses in critical care.
The Communication Styles Inventory (CSI).
Personal digital bodyguards for e-security, e-learning and e-health - A prospective survey.
Using scalable vector graphics to evolve art.
Optimal Sensor Placement for Leak Location in Water Distribution Networks Using Genetic Algorithms.
Noninvasive In-Situ Measurement of Blood Lactate Using Microwave Sensors.
 - [NeuroImage 49 (2010) 1213-1223].
Genetic and environmental influences on the size of specific brain regions in midlife - The VETSA MRI study.
Towards Experimental Algorithms for Abstract Argumentation.
On Preferred Extension Enumeration in Abstract Argumentation.
Nonnegative CP decomposition of multiangle hyperspectral data - A case study on CRISM observations of Martian ICY surface.
The Role of Enterprise Architecture in the Quest for IT Value.
Development of an automated phenotyping algorithm for hepatorenal syndrome.
Workflow Performance Profiles - Development and Analysis.
Writer-independent feature learning for Offline Signature Verification using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
6-Gb/s serial link transceiver for NoCs.
 [NeuroImage 81 (2013) 455-469].
Closed-form solution of the convolution integral in the magnetic resonance dispersion model for quantitative assessment of angiogenesis.
Anomaly detection methods in wired networks - a survey and taxonomy.
14, Chicago, IL, USA, August 17-22, 2014
Security and Privacy in Health IT.
A Lumped Parameter Model to Study Atrioventricular Valve Regurgitation in Stage 1 and Changes Across Stage 2 Surgery in Single Ventricle Patients.
E-Frame - A Process-Based Object-Oriented Framework for E-Commerce.
Sparse Representation and Non-Negative Matrix Factorization for image denoise.
On color-to-gray transformation for distributing color digital images.
Digital image watermarking using DWT basis matrices.
A quasi-local method for instantaneous frequency estimation with application to structural magnetic resonance images.
Direct Signal Enhanced Semicodeless Processing of GNSS Surface-Reflected Signals.
Three-way parallel independent component analysis for imaging genetics using multi-objective optimization.
LoggerMan, a Comprehensive Logging and Visualization Tool to Capture Computer Usage.
Transparent Multi-Robot Communication Exchange for Executing Robot Behaviors.
Performance Modelling of Traffic Congestion in Wireless Networks.
Ready, Set, Change! Development and usability testing of an online readiness for change decision support tool for healthcare organizations.
Dissociable contributions of ventromedial prefrontal and posterior parietal cortex to value-guided choice.
MFV - Application software for the visualization and characterization of the DC magnetic field distribution in circular coil systems.
Personalized Radiotherapy Planning for Glioma Using Multimodal Bayesian Model Calibration.
A novel dynamical approach to (m, k)-fırm scheduling.
Assessing Knee OA Severity with CNN attention-based end-to-end architectures.
Multichannel transfer function with dimensionality reduction.
Netherlands Dataset - A New Public Dataset for Machine Learning in Seismic Interpretation.
OpenMP Fortran and C programs for solving the time-dependent Gross-Pitaevskii equation in an anisotropic trap.
Life-Long Collections - Motivations and the Implications for Lifelogging with Mobile Devices.
Topography of connections between human prefrontal cortex and mediodorsal thalamus studied with diffusion tractography.
Model AI Assignments 2016.
Resource aware mapping on coarse grained reconfigurable arrays.
Visual discovery in multivariate binary data.
Activation of the dentate nucleus in a verb generation task - A 7 T MRI study.
A Distributed Multiarea State Estimation.
Grammatical and statistical word prediction system for Spanish integrated in an aid for people with disabilities.
Evaluating the Impact of Phasor Measurement Units on the Accuracy of State Estimation.
Mean Value Analysis by Chain of Product Form Queueing Networks.
Argument Aggregation - Basic Axioms and Complexity Results.
Artificial Neural Network Classification of Motor-Related EEG - An Increase in Classification Accuracy by Reducing Signal Complexity.
Relationship between Theory of Mind and Figurative Language Comprehension in Schizophrenia when controlling for IQ and Executive Functions.
Towards an upper ontology and methodology for robotics and automation.
Comparison of Artificial Neural Networks and Dynamic Principal Component Analysis for Fault Diagnosis.
On the fractal characteristics of Internet network traffic and its utilization in covert communications.
eHealth TABLET - A Developing Country Perspective in Managing the Development and Deployment of a Mobile - Cloud Electronic Medical Record for Local Government Units.
Monitoring tool usage on the basis of sensory information in micro-drilling operations.
Bridging the Gap in Transfusion Medicine - From Data to Decision.
Fast similarity metric for real-time template-matching applications.
Relaying techniques for enhancing the physical layer secrecy in cooperative networks with multiple eavesdroppers.
A Qualitative Security Analysis of a New Class of 3-D Integrated Crypto Co-processors.
Axiomatic and dual systems for constructive necessity, a formally verified equivalence.
s 2012 Health Policy Meeting.
Decision support systems for incurable non-small cell lung cancer - a systematic review.
Biocomputing 2017 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2017
Identifying Overlapping Communities and Their Leading Members in Social Networks.
A Palmprint Recognition Approach Based on Image Segmentation of Region of Interest.
Trajectory Planning for the Cooperative Manipulation of a Flexible Structure by Two Differentially-Driven Robots.
Uniform Argumentation Frameworks.
Simplified joint call and packet level teletraffic analysis of CAC strategies for VoIP traffic in wireless networks.
Using fuzzy cognitive mapping techniques to model situation awareness for army infantry platoon leaders.
The effect of inhibition of PP1 and TNFα signaling on pathogenesis of SARS coronavirus.
The Weight Distribution for an Extended Family of Reducible Cyclic Codes.
Sensitivity of the packet level performance metrics to the primary channel holding time distribution in cognitive Radio networks with VoIP-traffic.
Stereoscopic Interactive Objects - Acquisition, Generation and Evaluation.
Does Socio-Technical Congruence Have an Effect on Software Build Success? A Study of Coordination in a Software Project.
On-Ramp Traffic Merging Modeling Based on Cellular Automata.
Classification of gait quality for biofeedback to improve heel-to-toe gait.
Maps risk generations for volcanic ash monitoring using modis data and its aplication in risk maps for aviation hazard mitigation - Case of study popocatepetl volcano (Mexico).
Continuous Phase Modulation with Chaotic Interleaving for Different OFDM Versions.
Group Decision and Negotiation. A Process-Oriented View - Joint INFORMS-GDN and EWG-DSS International Conference, GDN 2014, Toulouse, France, June 10-13, 2014. Proceedings
Towards an effective e-government framework - Tasks and instruments for design and evaluation of public sector websites.
Information Extraction from Helicopter Maintenance Records as a Springboard for the Future of Maintenance Text Analysis.
A review of surface erosion and sediment delivery models for unsealed roads.
Real-Time FEM-Based Registration of 3-D to 2.5-D Transrectal Ultrasound Images.
Emergence of Neuronal Groups on a Self-Organized Spiking Neurons Network Based on Genetic Algorithm.
Energy Efficient Routing and Network Coding in Core Networks.
On the Need for Mixed Media in Distributed Requirements Negotiations.
e-Health Across Borders Without Boundaries - E-salus trans confinia sine finibus - Proceedings of the EFMI Special Topic Conference, EFMI-STC 2011, 14-15 April 2011, Laško, Slovenia
Explanation of DC/RF Loci for Active Patch Antennas.
Semantic e-Learning - Next Generation of e-Learning?
Improving supervised classification accuracy using non-rigid multimodal image registration - detecting prostate cancer.
CoCharNet - Extracting Social Networks using Character Co-occurrence in Movies.
Low-complexity FFT/IFFT IP hardware macrocells for OFDM and MIMO-OFDM CMOS transceivers.
Evolutionary Computation for Software Product Line Testing - An Overview and Open Challenges.
Power Optimized ADC-Based Serial Link Receiver.
2015 Humanitarian Robotics and Automation Technology Challenge [Humanitarian Technology].
Performance Analysis of a Three-to-Five Phase Dual Matrix Converter Based on Space Vector Pulse Width Modulation.
Comparison between a Hardware and a software synthesizer.
Vertebral degenerative disc disease severity evaluation using random forest classification.
Fault Diagnosis in Power Networks with Hybrid Bayesian Networks and Wavelets.
Exploiting Prior Knowledge in Compressed Sensing Wireless ECG Systems.
Proceedings of the 11th ACM Conference on Web Science, WebSci 2019, Boston, MA, USA, June 30 - July 03, 2019
Gradient-Based Optimization for Poroelastic and Viscoelastic MR Elastography.
CLAMMS - a scalable algorithm for calling common and rare copy number variants from exome sequencing data.
Offset reduction on memristor emulator circuits.
Energy efficiency of knowledge-free scheduling in Peer-to-Peer Desktop Grids.
Estimation of the dilution rate and the states of a microalgae culture using a linear Quasi-Uknown Input Observer.
A relação entre os processos de gestão do conhecimento, a capacidade de inovar e a inovação organizacional em empresas intensivas em conhecimento brasileiras e portuguesas.
.
An adaptive FEC algorithm using hidden Markov chains.
Hand orientation redundancy filter applied to hand-shapes dataset.
LIBRAS Sign Language Hand Configuration Recognition Based on 3D Meshes.
A Survey of Neuromorphic Computing and Neural Networks in Hardware.
Deep neural networks can predict mortality from 12-lead electrocardiogram voltage data.
A Recommender System for Non-traditional Educational Resources - A Semantic Approach.
Artificial Intelligence to Design a Mask Insensible to the Distance From the Camera to the Scene Objects.
Efficient Optical Flow and Stereo Vision for Velocity Estimation and Obstacle Avoidance on an Autonomous Pocket Drone.
Companion Publication of the 10th ACM Conference on Web Science, WebSci 2019, Boston, MA, USA, June 30 - July 03, 2019.
How does hybrid bridging core modification enhance the nonlinear optical properties in donor-π-acceptor configuration? A case study of dinitrophenol derivatives.
An Augmented Reality Virtual Assistant to Help Mild Cognitive Impaired Users in Cooking a System Able to Recognize the User Status and Personalize the Support.
Experimental transmission of digital signals in a fiber-radio scheme under external modulation at 2.0 GHz.
Chempound - a Web 2.0-inspired repository for physical science data.
2D Principal Component Analysis for Face and Facial-Expression Recognition.
Sound analysis in dairy cattle vocalisation as a potential welfare monitor.
Automatic diagnosis of inflammatory muscle disease for MRI using computer-extracted features of bivariate histograms.
Bootstrapping white matter segmentation, Eve++.
Examining structural patterns and causality in diabetic nephropathy using inter-glomerular distance and Bayesian graphical models.
14th Bled eConference - e-Everything - e-Commerce, e-Government, e-Household, e-Democracy, Bled, Slovenia, June 25-26, 2001
A Simple View-Based Software Architecture for an Autonomous Robot Navigation System.
Predictive Controller for a Three-Phase/Single-Phase Voltage Source Converter Cell.
Comparison of fuzzy and on/off controllers for winter season indoor climate management in a model poultry house.
eFORGE v2.0 - updated analysis of cell type-specific signal in epigenomic data.
Recursive Bayesian Filtering-Based Error Concealment Scheme for 3D Video Communication Over Severely Lossy Wireless Channels.
Human-Centered Development of an Online Social Network for Metabolic Syndrome Management.
Virtual Platform of FPGA based MPSoC for Power Electronics Applications - OS simulation.
Forest Species Recognition Using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
Assessing and Improving the Quality of Document Images Acquired with Portable Digital Cameras.
Integrating Documentation of Broad Consent for Research Biosamples into the Clinical Workflow.
UE grouping and mode selection for D2D communications underlaying a multicellular wireless system.
What do we need to know about e-learning standards?
A highly scalable vector oriented ASIP-based multi-standard digital receiver.
Posed Facial Expression Detection Using Reflection Symmetry and Structural Similarity.
Robust and Efficient Large-Large Table Outer Joins on Distributed Infrastructures.
W versus color pages cost estimation for efficient on-demand book printing.
A model-based controller of a three-level stacked-cell grid connected converter.
Reaction-diffusion chemistry implementation of associative memory neural network.
Conceptual Design of Discrete-Event Systems Using Templates.
ECrits - Visualizing Support Ticket Escalation Risk.
Unobtrusive Support System for Prevention of Dangerous Health Conditions in Wheelchair Users.
e-Science and the Archaeological Frontier.
Application of Dependency Structure Matrices and Multilevel Synthesis to a Production Line.
Individualized drug dosing using RBF-Galerkin method - Case of anemia management in chronic kidney disease.
Successful Implementation of a Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning System in Teaching E-Commerce.
An NSH-Enabled Architecture for Virtualized Network Function Platforms.
Effects of the electrical stress on the conduction characteristics of metal gate/MgO/InP stacks.
Validation of machine CAN bus J1939 fuel rate accuracy using Nebraska Tractor Test Laboratory fuel rate data.
Fire Recurrence and the Dynamics of the Enhanced Vegetation Index in a Mediterranean Ecosystem.
The role of induced current density in Steroelectronic effects - Perlin effect.
Exploiting efficient and effective lazy Semi-Bayesian strategies for text classification.
Portable Optoelectronic System for Monitoring Enzymatic Chemiluminescent Reaction.
/G)-expansion method to non-linear partial differential equations.
Identification of Continuous Time Linear Parameter Varying models based on Reinitialized Partial Moments.
Choquet Integral and Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Choquet Integral for Edge Detection.
Machine learning for the prediction of antibacterial susceptibility in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Integrating Care Between Two Health Systems - Identifying Active Dual Consumers of DoD and VA Health Services.
An Optimized Selective Encryption for Video Confidentiality.
Towards Emotion Recognition from Speech - Definition, Problems and the Materials of Research.
Music genre classification using LBP textural features.
E.
Lossy Gossip and Composition of Metrics.
A new SVM-based image watermarking using Gaussian-Hermite moments.
Metasurface-Based WPT Rectenna with Extensive Input Power Range in the 900 MHz.
An algorithm for dissemination and retrieval of information in wireless ad hoc networks.
Near-optimal and scalable intrasignal in-place optimization for non-overlapping and irregular access schemes.
Marching Cubes in an Unsigned Distance Field for Surface Reconstruction from Unorganized Point Sets.
An Overview Of E-Government Strategy In Lebanon.
Feature Characterization in Iris Recognition with Stochastic Autoregressive Models.
Automated motion sensor quantification of gait and lower extremity bradykinesia.
Breast image pre-processing for mammographic tissue segmentation.
Cocliques in the Kneser graph on the point-hyperplane flags of a projective space.
An Algorithm for Dissemination and Retrieval of Information in Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
Asymptotic limits and stabilization for the 1D nonlinear Mindlin-Timoshenko system.
Dynamic event-triggered mechanism for H∞ non-fragile state estimation of complex networks under randomly occurring sensor saturations.
Architectural Pattern for Scheduling Multi-Component Applications in Distributed Systems.
MOSOCO - a mobile assistive tool to support children with autism practicing social skills in real-life situations.
Solving the Cut Width Optimization Problem with a Genetic Algorithm Approach.
Cooperative Adaptive Control for Cloud-Based Robotics.
A boosted distance metric - application to content based image retrieval and classification of digitized histopathology.
Networks - An Introduction
Optimizing Load Forecasting Configurations of Computational Neural Networks.
New Heat Energy Trading Concepts for the Next Generation Smart Grids.
Violence at the Box Office.
Fuel Cost Modeling for Spinning Reserve Thermal Generating Units.
Efficient Transmission of Encrypted Images with OFDM in the Presence of Carrier Frequency Offset.
CoverBLIP - accelerated and scalable iterative matched-filtering for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprint reconstruction.
Using Behavioral Realism to Estimate Presence - A Study of the Utility of Postural Responses to Motion-Stimuli.
Window-based spectral analysis of color halftone screens.
Packing a fixed number of identical circles in a circular container with circular prohibited areas.
Hyperspectral remote sensing in coastal regions - Prism field validation in Elkhorn Slough.
Post-Implementation Study of a Nursing e-Chart - How Nurses Use Their Time.
The Hypersimple-Free C.E. WTT Degrees Are Dense in the C.E. WTT Degrees.
Perceptual Image Fusion Using Wavelets.
Automatic camera selection for activity monitoring in a multi-camera system for tennis.
Systems genetics analyses predict a transcription role for P2P-R - Molecular confirmation that P2P-R is a transcriptional co-repressor.
A comparison of two kinds of definitions of rough approximations based on a similarity relation.
The GUISurfer tool - towards a language independent approach to reverse engineering GUI code.
Artificial cognitive control system based on the shared circuits model of sociocognitive capacities. A first approach.
Fluid-structure interaction analysis of anastomosis in patient specific arterial segment.
Bat detective - Deep learning tools for bat acoustic signal detection.
Learning about transfer in an online problem-based course.
How Angry are Your Customers? Sentiment Analysis of Support Tickets that Escalate.
Combination of multiple classifiers for post-placement quality inspection of components - A comparative study.
On the complexities of utilizing large-scale lightpath-connected distributed cyberinfrastructure.
Look-ahead in the two-sided reduction to compact band forms for symmetric eigenvalue problems and the SVD.
Stereo System for Remote Monitoring of River Flows.
Cryocooled 10 V Programmable Josephson Voltage Standard.
Defending against Phishing Attacks - Taxonomy of Methods, Current Issues and Future Directions.
Multimodal classification of prostate tissue - a feasibility study on combining multiparametric MRI and ultrasound.
A neuro-fuzzy decision support model for therapy of heart failure.
A Quasiconvex Asymptotic Function with Applications in Optimization.
Memetic Algorithms for Energy-Aware Computation and Communications Optimization in Computing Clusters.
Space Target Motion Salient Classification using Polarimetric Retina Vision Sensing Principles.
Generating CT-TH-PM surfaces using EPT-based aggregate modelling.
Methodology and culture - drivers of mediocrity in software engineering?
Counting Symmetric Nilpotent Matrices.
Channel choice and the digital divide in e-government - the case of Egypt.
A review of discrete event simulation in National Coordinating Centre for Health Technology Assessment-funded work and a case study exploring the cost-effectiveness of testing for thrombophilia in patients presenting with an initial idiopathic venous thromboembolism.
A Priori Sample Size Determination for the Number of Subjects in an EEG Experiment.
Estimation of real evapotranspiration and its variation in Mediterranean landscapes of central-southern Chile.
Interoperation of world-wide production e-Science infrastructures.
The use of neural networks in the analysis of sleep stages and the diagnosis of narcolepsy.
An Information Theory Subspace Analysis Approach with Application to Anomaly Detection Ensembles.
Online Gait Learning for Modular Robots with Arbitrary Shapes and Sizes.
What is situated evolution?
Usability Engineering of an Interactive Voice Response System in a Diverse-Cultured and Multilingual Setting.
Multi-scale Inference of Interaction Rules in Animal Groups Using Bayesian Model Selection.
People, Penguins and Petri Dishes - Adapting Object Counting Models to New Visual Domains and Object Types Without Forgetting.
Content delivery and the natural evolution of DNS - remote dns trends, performance issues and alternative solutions.
Water Quality Drivers in 11 Gulf of Mexico Estuaries.
s Big Bend.
Dual-tree complex wavelet coefficient magnitude modelling using the bivariate Cauchy-Rayleigh distribution for image denoising.
ERMIS - Extracting Knowledge from Unstructured Big Data for Supporting Business Decision Making.
Performance evaluation with different mobility models for dynamic probabilistic flooding in MANETs.
Automatic identification of fusion events in TIRF microscopy image sequences.
A Compressed Sensing Framework for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting.
Power-Law Distributions in Empirical Data.
Economic Load Dispatch Using Hybrid MpBBO-SQP Algorithm.
Deep features for breast cancer histopathological image classification.
The homeless use Facebook?! Similarities of social network use between college students and homeless young adults.
Datenschutz beim E-Postbrief.
Integrating structural and functional imaging for computer assisted detection of prostate cancer on multi-protocol in vivo 3 Tesla MRI.
Biocomputing 2010 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kamuela, Hawaii, USA, 4-8 January 2010
Wireless power delivery for retinal prostheses.
A Multiresolution Approach to Recommender Systems.
Detection of vertebral degenerative disc disease based on cortical shell unwrapping.
Happenings.
A mixed methods analysis of student experiences in diverse teams.
Ultrasound RF time series for tissue typing - first in vivo clinical results.
FEA Structural Optimization Based on Metagraphs.
Bifurcation analysis and chaos control in Shimizu-Morioka chaotic system with delayed feedback.
Large-Scale Regular Expression Matching on FPGA.
MGIS - managing banana (Musa spp.) genetic resources information and high-throughput genotyping data.
Heart Failure Data for Patient Treatment Goals at the Point of Care - Automated Data Extraction and Consistent Reference Standard Importance.
Systems biology of the structural proteome.
Verification of Unconstrained Handwritten Words at Character Level.
Social Media - The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly - 15th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2016, Swansea, UK, September 13-15, 2016, Proceedings
Series and parallel circuit models containing memristors and inverse memristors.
Memristor FPGA IP Core Implementation for Analog and Digital Applications.
A cognitive-behavioral model of problematic online gaming in adolescents aged 12-22 years.
Compression of data streams down to their information content.
Review of the missing mechanical element - Memdamper.
s Eye-Gaze in Conversation - Benefits and Costs.
A hybrid model for task completion effort estimation.
Tissue Tracking and Registration for Image-Guided Surgery.
Water pH Monitoring with a Smart Sensor Powered by a Thermoelectric Generator with a Phase-Change Material.
19 - 4th International Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care.
Automatic Planning of Minimally Invasive Aortic Valve Replacement Surgery.
Upscreening of LED COTS for space science applications.
Kinematic Identification of Parallel Mechanisms by a Divide and Conquer Strategy.
Design Considerations for Protocol Extensions.
Opportunities for ubiquitous computing in the homes of low SES older adults.
Multi-site study of additive genetic effects on fractional anisotropy of cerebral white matter - Comparing meta and megaanalytical approaches for data pooling.
e-Fraud Prevention Based on the Self-Authentication of e-Documents.
Efforts Towards IoT Technical Standardization.
s Convergent Medical Terminology.
Augmented Reality in the Context of Naval Operations.
Automated Detection of Aortic Root Landmarks in Preprocedure CT Angiography Images for Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation Patients.
Fusion of feature sets and classifiers for facial expression recognition.
Cytochrome c oxidase response to changes in cerebral oxygen delivery in the adult brain shows higher brain-specificity than haemoglobin.
Assessing the reliability and degradation of photovoltaic module performance parameters.
Unique Decoding of General AG Codes.
Mineral information at micron to kilometer scales - Laboratory, field, and remote sensing imaging spectrometer data from the orange hill porphyry copper deposit, Alaska, USA.
Historical and Operational Monitoring of Surface Sediments in the Lower Mekong Basin Using Landsat and Google Earth Engine Cloud Computing.
Comparing parameter tuning methods for evolutionary algorithms.
Label-free discrimination of lung cancer cells through mueller matrix decomposition of diffuse reflectance imaging.
Aspect-Oriented Model Development at Different Levels of Abstraction.
Scheduling Beyond CPUs for HPC.
Fast Response PKC-Based Broadcast Authentication in Wireless Sensor Networks.
An Adaptive Semantic Descriptive Model for Multi-Document Representation to Enhance Generic Summarization.
Intelligent Navigation and Control of a Prototype Autonomous Underwater Vehicle for Automated Inspection of Aquaculture net pen cages.
Operator Decomposition using the Wavelet Transform - Fundamental Properties and Image Restoration Applications.
An Adaptive Model to Monitor Chlorophyll-a in Inland Waters in Southern Quebec Using Downscaled MODIS Imagery.
Mobile multimedia presentation in self-forming mobile device groups - ad-hoc networks in practice.
Toward next generation coaching tools for court based racquet sports.
Combined Video Analysis of ICG and 5-ALA Induced Protoporphyrin IX and Hemoglobin Oxygen Saturation in near Infrared.
Improving the classification of multiple disorders with problem decomposition.
A Glycolysis-Based In Silico Model for the Solid Tumor Growth.
Body building - Hatching robot organisms.
Linear quadratic regulator design for power system stabilizer using biogeography based optimization method.
Optimal tuning of power system stabilizers by biogeography based optimization method.
Uncertainty Evaluation in a Two-Terminal Cryogenic Current Comparator.
Towards an e-Health Cloud Solution for Remote Regions at Bahia-Brazil.
Application of the Global Optimization Methods for Solving the Parameter Estimation Problem in Mathematical Immunology.
Linear Matrix Inequalities for Rigid-Body Inertia Parameter Identification - A Statistical Perspective.
MIMO-Net - A multi-input multi-output convolutional neural network for cell segmentation in fluorescence microscopy images.
Wikipedia-based hybrid document representation for textual news classification.
Analytical and Simulation study for LoRa Modulation.
Improved Breast Mass Segmentation in Mammograms with Conditional Residual U-net.
Influence of Processes of Photobleaching on Spectral Characteristics of Organic Nonlinear Optical Co-crystal 26DAP4N.
s Best Business Practices (BBP).
Data Multiplexing in Radio Interferometric Calibration.
A new Taxonomy of Continuous Global Optimization Algorithms.
Spectral Techniques in Argumentation Framework Analysis.
Zeros of Sobolev orthogonal polynomials on the unit circle.
Natural Language Processing for Conceptual Modeling.
Compressive Learning for Semi-Parametric Models.
Rectilinear minimax hub location problems.
Kinematic analysis of a novel 2(3-RUS) parallel manipulator.
Online GESS - prediction of miRNA-like off-target effects in large-scale RNAi screen data by seed region analysis.
Economic dispatch incorporating wind energy by BH, BBO and DE.
Developing Emergent Codes for the Classroom Observation Protocol for Undergraduate STEM (COPUS).
WiSeBE - Window-based Sentence Boundary Evaluation.
AAAI 2008 Workshop Reports.
Exploiting Prior Knowledge in Compressed Sensing Wireless ECG Systems.
Preface.
Some Directions of Medical Informatics in Russia.
Engaging Patients, Empowering Doctors in Digitalization of Healthcare.
Implementation and expansion of an electronic medical record for HIV care and treatment in Haiti - An assessment of system use and the impact of large-scale disruptions.
Detection of infectious symptoms from VA emergency department and primary care clinical documentation.
The Symmetric Key Equation for Reed-Solomon Codes and a New Perspective on the Berlekamp-Massey Algorithm.
Accurate Estimation of Glottal Closure Instants and Glottal Opening Instants from Electroglottographic Signal Using Variational Mode Decomposition.
Coping with Complexity When Predicting Surface Roughness in Milling Processes - Hybrid Incremental Model with Optimal Parametrization.
Epoch Estimation from Emotional Speech Signals Using Variational Mode Decomposition.
K-Means Cloning - Adaptive Spherical K-Means Clustering.
Nonnegative Tensor Train Factorizations and Some Applications.
Hybrid analysis of response time distributions in queueing networks.
On the analysis of a continuous-time bi-virus model.
The Triangle of Life.
A New Approach For Regularized Image Interpolation.
Professional Skills Assessment - Is a Model of Domain Learning Framework Appropriate?
Building and Evolving Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence artefacts - the Case of Sysco.
The Use of Social Media in the Supply Chain - Survey and Extensions.
User participation in a corporate prediction market.
Revealing quantum chaos with machine learning.
Mesh-based multi-frontal solver with reuse of partial LU factorizations for antenna array.
Model-based Fault Detection and Isolation in a MPPT BOOST converter for photovoltaic systems.
Modelling and control of the modular multilevel converter in back to back configuration for high power induction machine drives.
Reducing forgeries in writer-independent off-line signature verification through ensemble of classifiers.
Comparison of passive rectifier circuits for energy harvesting applications.
FCS - MPC with reduced switching frequency applied to a multi - cell AFE rectifier with improved transient behavior.
POD-based model reduction for stabilized finite element approximations of shallow water flows.
Structured override reasons for drug-drug interaction alerts in electronic health records.
Chaotic Interleaving for Robust Image Transmission with LDPC Coded OFDM.
s control for magnetohydrodynamics instabilities in the FTU tokamak.
Traffic Monitoring and Analysis - 8th International Workshop, TMA 2016, Louvain la Neuve, Belgium, April 7-8, 2016.
 Perception on the Use of ODS Portal to Support Advanced Technologies in Order to Provide Open Access to Learning.
Optimal municipal solid waste energy recovery and management - A mathematical programming approach.
Development of a Biogas Plant for the Kumasi Abattoir.
On Constructing a Knowledge Base of Chinese Criminal Cases.
Artistic Vision - Providing Contextual Guidance for Capture-Time Decisions.
Parallel Arnoldi eigensolvers with enhanced scalability via global communications rearrangement.
Facilitating Collaborative Knowledge Construction.
I Heard You the First Time - Debate in Cacophonous Surroundings.
Using a Domain-Ontology and Semantic Search in an E-Learning Environment.
Learning Portuguese Clinical Word Embeddings - A Multi-Specialty and Multi-Institutional Corpus of Clinical Narratives Supporting a Downstream Biomedical Task.
Forbidden Sets in Argumentation Semantics.
Tensor train versus Monte Carlo for the multicomponent Smoluchowski coagulation equation.
Human Face Processing with 1.5D Models.
CoverBLIP - scalable iterative matched filtering for MR Fingerprint recovery.
Organizational cloud security and control - a proactive approach.
Robust hybrid watermarking techniques for different color imaging systems.
Guest editors introduction - Context for software developers.
An Enhanced Dead Reckoning Model for Physics-Aware Multiplayer Computer Games.
Balanced multi-shot EPI for accelerated Cartesian MRF - An alternative to spiral MRF.
An Adaptive Rate-Based Method for Maintaining Consistency in Networked Multiplayer Computer Games.
Are models easier to understand than code? An empirical study on comprehension of entity-relationship (ER) models vs. structured query language (SQL) code.
Cross-layer modeler - a tool for flexible multilevel modeling with consistency checking.
On polynomial semantics for propositional logics.
Instrument Development to Assess Design Project Appropriateness for Domain Relatedness, Ambiquity Tolerance, and Genderedness.
Online Adaptation of Path Formation in UAV Search-and-Identify Missions.
On the Instantiation of Knowledge Bases in Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
Traffic and mobility data collection for real-time applications.
The Small-Maturity Smile for Exponential Lévy Models.
Probabilistic Plan Graph Heuristic for Probabilistic Planning.
Framework for Modelling the Decision - View of the Supply Chains Collaborative Planning Process.
A multi-objective model for inventory and planned production reassignment to committed orders with homogeneity requirements.
Finding relationships between socio-technical aspects and personality traits by mining developer e-mails.
On the Automated Transformation of Domain Models into Tabular Datasets.
Scaling Up Your Web Experience, Everywhere.
s tea plantations.
Systems and alerts for civil protection application - Territorial analysis, scenarios elaboration and fields application through a new technological approach.
The Practicality of Stochastic Optimization in Imaging Inverse Problems.
SCTP-PF - A Quick Failover Algorithm for the Stream Control Transmission Protocol.
Learning Fast Dictionaries for Sparse Representations Using Low-Rank Tensor Decompositions.
Binarization of Degraded Document Images using Convolutional Neural Networks Based on Predicted Two-Channel Images.
Joint optimization using a leader-follower Stackelberg game for coordinated configuration of stochastic operational aircraft maintenance routing and maintenance staffing.
Optimal Transmission Thresholds for QoS Guarantees in WSNs.
A model with a solution algorithm for the operational aircraft maintenance routing problem.
Quality of service requirements in ATM-based B-ISNDs.
Online usability and patients with long-term conditions - A mixed-methods approach.
A Context Based Text Summarization System.
s Vireos using SVMs and HMMs.
Control of a flexible, surface-piercing hydrofoil for high-speed, small-scale applications.
VoIP Erlang Capacity in Coordinated Cognitive Radio Networks.
Text Classification Algorithms - A Survey.
Dominant poles and tail asymptotics in the critical Gaussian many-sources regime.
Towards interactive visualization support for pairwise testing software product lines.
Neuromorphic self-driving robot with retinomorphic vision and spike-based processing/closed-loop control.
The Genomic Medicine Game.
Curve Registered Coupled Low Rank Factorization.
Behavior Trees for Evolutionary Robotics.
Conductance sensor for micromachining. A case study on monitoring tool-workpiece contact.
An Interactive and Multi-sensory Learning Environment for Nano Education.
Nonnegative PARAFAC2 - A Flexible Coupling Approach.
Multipath and Impulsive Noise Interference Testing Performance Comparison Between Broadcast Systems - ISDB-TB and ATSC 3.0.
Polymorphisms in the F8 Gene and MHC-II Variants as Risk Factors for the Development of Inhibitory Anti-Factor VIII Antibodies during the Treatment of Hemophilia A - A Computational Assessment.
The GenApp framework integrated with Airavata for managed compute resource submissions.
Uncertainty propagation and analysis of image-guided surgery.
Towards Computer-Aided Diagnostics of Screening Mammography Using Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Note on the size of binary Armstrong codes.
E-commerce adoption in developing countries - a case analysis of environmental and organisational inhibitors.
Characterization of grid computing resources using measurement-based evaluation.
Validation of visual surface measurement using computed tomography.
An Auto-Adjustable Semi-Supervised Self-Training Algorithm.
s Length of Stay.
The idemetric property - when most distances are (almost) the same.
A Distributed Augmented Reality System for Medical Training and Simulation.
Manifold Learning for Density Segmentation in High Risk Mammograms.
Noise aware analysis operator learning for approximately cosparse signals.
Applications of the InChI in cheminformatics with the CDK and Bioclipse.
Crowd performance in prediction of the World Cup 2014.
Automated Self-Adaptation for Cyber-Defense - Pushing Adaptive Perimeter Protection Inward.
Area-to-point Kriging in spatial hedonic pricing models.
Automatic Mapping Between Brazilian Portuguese Clinical Terms and International Classification for Nursing Practice.
Computer-supported collaborative learning and conceptual change.
Discovering Conversation Spaces in the Public Discourse of Gender Violence - a Comparative Between Two Different Contexts.
An Ontology-Based Personalized Decision Support System for Use in the Complex Chronically Ill Patient.
Power System Static State Estimation Using Modified Stochastic Fractal Search Technique.
A Methodology for Mapping SysML Activity Diagram to Time Petri Net for Requirement Validation of Embedded Real-Time Systems with Energy Constraints.
eXploring Xfinity - A First Look at Provider-Enabled Community Networks.
An overview of CSCL methodologies.
Performance Evaluation of Database Designs.
Expectations induced by natural-like temporal fluctuations are independent of attention decrement - Evidence from behavior and early visual evoked potentials.
Determining the Real Capacity of a Desktop Cloud.
Applying C-DEEPSO to Solve Large Scale Global Optimization Problems.
Design optimization comparison of BLPM traction motor using bees and Genetic Algorithms.
Assessing the impact of a primary care electronic medical record system in three Kenyan rural health centers.
High-Frequency Electromagnetic Induction Sensing of Nonmetallic Materials.
Identifiability of Low-Rank Sparse Component Analysis.
Innovative Online Course Using an Integrated Virtual Reality Based E-Learning Tool with Course Management Tool.
Model of Structure of Personal Innovativeness in Education and Innovational Anxiety - Pilot Research Results.
Methods for Job Scheduling on Computational Grids - Review and Comparison.
A partition of unity approach to adaptivity and limiting in continuous finite element methods.
Identifying networks with common organizational principles.
Smart Generation and Transmission With Coherent, Real-Time Data.
Incorporating Scale Invariance into the Cellular Associative Neural Network.
Moving Apart and Coming Together - Discourse, Engagement, and Deep Learning.
 achievement in higher education.
A Selective-Awakening MAC Protocol for Energy-Efficient Data Forwarding in Linear Sensor Networks.
IEEE 21451-001 Signal Treatment Applied to Smart Transducers.
Low-Energy Symmetric Key Distribution in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Biocomputing 2013 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2013
Efficient error resilient algorithm for H.264/AVC - mobility management in wireless video streaming.
The video mosaic - design and preliminary research.
Hierarchical Conditional Random Fields for Outlier Detection - An Application to Detecting Epileptogenic Cortical Malformations.
Control of input/output discrete-event systems.
Re-engineering the Uptake of ICT in Schools.
Learning Directed Locomotion in Modular Robots with Evolvable Morphologies.
Unifying Vascular Information in Intensity-Based Nonrigid Lung CT Registration.
Electrocorticogram encoding of upper extremity movement duration.
A comparison between end-to-end approaches and feature extraction based approaches for Sign Language recognition.
Improving the prediction of average total ozone in column over the Iberian Peninsula using neural networks banks.
SURF Descriptor and Pattern Recognition Techniques in Automatic Identification of Pathological Retinas.
Exploring EEG for Object Detection and Retrieval.
Segmentation of renal parenchymal area from ultrasoundl images using level set evolution.
A real-time adaptive oxygen transfer rate estimator for metabolism tracking in escherichia coli cultures.
 adaptation in modern self-adaptive systems in the presence of uncertainty at runtime.
Modeling and Specification of Interfaces for Standard-Driven Distributed Software Architectures in the E-Learning Domain.
Emotional speech synthesis - from speech database to TTS.
A new algorithm for number of holes attribute filtering of grey-level images.
Hardware assistance for trustworthy systems through 3-D integration.
Adaptive decision making via entropy minimization.
Bayesian compressed sensing using generalized Cauchy priors.
Symbolic Methodology in Numeric Data Mining - Relational Techniques for Financial Applications
 Answer to the Book Review of Introduction to Evolutionary Computing Published in Issue 12 - 2.
Iterative algorithms for compressed sensing with partially known support.
Real-Time Quantitative Elasticity Imaging of Deep Tissue Using Free-Hand Conventional Ultrasound.
Editorial Introduction Special Issue on Memetic Algorithms.
ARCHER - e-Research Tools for Research Data Management.
Selection of Training Instances for Music Genre Classification.
A comparative performance study of wireless and power line networks.
Impact of the primary resource occupancy information on the performance of cognitive radio networks with VoIP traffic.
Oscillation criteria for advanced difference equations of second order.
s Take.
MWTP - Monterrey Weather, Traffic and Pollution Database for Geospatial Analysis.
The interferometric mirage effect method - The determination of the thermal diffusivity of CdMnTe.
Characterization of the worst-case current waveform excitations in general RLC-model power grid analysis.
The World Ocean Database.
Engineering Competition Team recruitment and integration strategies impact on team diversity.
An approach to under-determined speech separation based on a non-linear mixture of beamformers.
Improving sparse data movement performance using multiple paths on the Blue Gene/Q supercomputer.
Ubiquitous robots (UBIROBOTS) workshop at the UBICOMP 2012 conference.
Document Image Retrieval Using Deep Features.
Applications of geographic information systems and geo-spatial modeling in environmental epidemiology.
Incomplete Cross Approximation in the Mosaic-Skeleton Method.
Mid-term electricity price forecasting using SVM.
On Block Representations in Image Processing Problems.
Mini-Whegs TM Climbs Steep Surfaces Using Insect-inspired Attachment Mechanisms.
Power system tracking state estimation based on stochastic fractal search technique under sudden load changing conditions.
Ball and rackets - Inferring fiber fanning from diffusion-weighted MRI.
Local histogram matching for efficient optical flow computation applied to velocity estimation on pocket drones.
Mesh segmentation and texture mapping for dimensional inspection in Web3D.
Spectral Entropy Based Neuronal Network Synchronization Analysis Based on Microelectrode Array Measurements.
Towards a core ontology for robotics and automation.
Triple Trustworthiness Measurement for Knowledge Graph.
A nonlinear explicit two-step fourth algebraic order method of order infinity for linear periodic initial value problems.
Properties Complementary to Program Self-Reference.
An Adaptive Sensing Time Based on SNR for Spectrum Utilization Enhancement in Cognitive Radio.
Effective input features selection for electricity price forecasting.
Passive Haptic Deformation Using Force Bounding.
Superconducting Quantum Interferometers for Nondestructive Evaluation.
Data Conservancy Provenance, Context, and Lineage Services - Key Components for Data Preservation and Curation.
On-the-field simulation of fertilizer spreading - Part 3 - Control of disk inclination for uniform application on undulating fields.
Adaptive energy efficient distributed VoIP load balancing in federated cloud infrastructure.
Bi-objective online scheduling with quality of service for IaaS clouds.
 Use of E-Health Services - Fine-Grained Results from a Longitudinal, Demographic Survey.
Contrast Sensitivity of the Wavelet, Dual Tree Complex Wavelet, Curvelet, and Steerable Pyramid Transforms.
 Introduction to the Special Section on Patient-centered e-Health - Research Opportunities and Challenges.
High-Resolution Ex Vivo Microstructural MRI After Restoring Ventricular Geometry via 3D Printing.
Resting-State FMRI Single Subject Cortical Parcellation Based on Region Growing.
Underpinning a Guiding Theory of Patient-Centered E-Health.
The Current State of Business Intelligence in Academia - The Arrival of Big Data.
Reframing as Positive Design - An Exemplar from the Office of Civil Registry in Mexico.
Parallel ICA with multiple references - A semi-blind multivariate approach.
Modeling and performance analysis for mobile cognitive radio cellular networks.
On Constructing a Knowledge Base of Chinese Criminal Cases.
A memory efficient IPv6 lookup engine on FPGA.
An Approach to Satisfy Managerial Awareness of Strategic Events in the Field of M-Commerce.
Citizense - A generic user-oriented participatory sensing framework.
Automatic detection of motorcyclists without helmet.
Collective use of a situated display to encourage positive behaviors in children with behavioral challenges.
Analysis of COP stability in a refrigeration system using artificial neural networks.
A Fast DCT Processor, Based on Special Purpose CORDIC Rotators.
Mobile Application for Archaeological Site Image Content Retrieval and Automated Generating Image Descriptions with Neural Network.
Understanding Customer Experience Diffusion on Social Networking Services by Big Data Analytics.
Cell-to-cell spread of HIV permits ongoing replication despite antiretroviral therapy.
Experiment Coordination for Large-scale Measurement Platforms.
What determines IT spending priorities?
Applied ontologies and standards for service robots.
Second Chance - Understanding diversity in broadband access network performance.
Near Optimal Compressed Sensing Without Priors - Parametric SURE Approximate Message Passing.
Assessing the Success of an Information System - the Case of Audits for O.P.E.K.E.P.E.
Differential Evolution with Reversible Linear Transformations.
Seasonal parameterizations of the tau-omega model using the ComRAD ground-based SMAP simulator.
Analysis vs Synthesis - An Investigation of (Co)sparse Signal Models on Graphs.
Symplectic Partitioned Runge-Kutta methods with minimal phase-lag.
A novel gaze-supported multimodal human-computer interaction for ultrasound machines.
Analysis and performance evaluation of resource management mechanisms in heterogeneous traffic cognitive radio networks.
Phase-fitted Runge-Kutta pairs of orders 8(7).
 in citizen science? Spatial bias in aquatic monitoring programs.
Open OnDemand - HPC for Everyone.
Memory-Efficient Pipelined Architecture for Large-Scale String Matching.
Automation of the brazil-nuts classification process using dynamic level set.
Brief communication - The ADVANCE network - accelerating data value across a national community health center network.
QoE-Based Video Orchestration for 4G Networks.
Detecting Mastication - A Wearable Approach.
SensoryPaint - a multimodal sensory intervention for children with neurodevelopmental disorders.
Der e-Faktor - Von e-business zur e-society (Zusammenfassung).
Providing Real-time Feedback for Student Teachers in a Virtual Rehearsal Environment.
Dictionary Subselection Using an Overcomplete Joint Sparsity Model.
Reconstruction of 3D X-ray CT images from reduced sampling by a scaled gradient projection algorithm.
Independent cohort cross-validation of the real-time DISTq estimation of insulin sensitivity.
Compressed sensing based method for ECG compression.
cbcbeat - an adjoint-enabled framework for computational cardiac electrophysiology.
Signed Laplacian Deep Learning with Adversarial Augmentation for Improved Mammography Diagnosis.
Preface.
Performance estimation for tensor CP decomposition with structured factors.
Uplink single-carrier frequency division multiple access system with joint equalisation and carrier frequency offsets compensation.
The hidden locality in swarms.
Can Peer-to-Peer live streaming systems coexist with free riders?
Performance evaluation of E-MQS scheduler with Mobility in LTE heterogeneous network.
Modeling the Organoleptic Properties of Matured Wine Distillates.
Bagging Random Trees for Estimation of Tissue Softness.
FlowStalker - Comprehensive Traffic Flow Monitoring on the Data Plane using P4.
Dyed banknotes detection system using digital - Image processing.
A Holistic Model of the Performance and the Energy-Efficiency of Hypervisors in an HPC Environment.
Using Machine Learning and Big Data Analytics to Prioritize Outpatients in HetNets.
Behavior Knowledge Space-Based Fusion for Copy-Move Forgery Detection.
Tyrant Leaders as e-Government Service Promoters - The Role of Transparency and Tyranny in the Implementation of e-Government Service.
Sparse Control for Dynamic Movement Primitives.
Nondestructive Testing of Nonmetallic Pipelines Using Microwave Reflectometry on an In-Line Inspection Robot.
A General Meta-graph Strategy for Shape Evolution under Mechanical Stress.
Focus of B-to-B e-commerce initiatives and related benefits in manufacturing small- and medium-sized enterprises.
Hierarchical interestingness measures for association rules with generalization on both antecedent and consequent sides.
Discovering Social Bursts by Using Link Analytics on Large-Scale Social Networks.
A relaxation method for solving systems with infinitely many linear inequalities.
GPU-based computation for brain spatio-temporal networks definition.
Understanding the Turnover Intentions of Information Technology Personnel - A Comparative Analysis of Two Developing Countries.
Automatic Identification of Phasic Dopamine Release.
Discriminative filtering with principal component analysis and adaptive alignment.
Analysis vs Synthesis with Structure - An Investigation of Union of Subspace Models on Graphs.
The Grid2003 Production Grid - Principles and Practice.
High-accuracy adaptive modeling of the energy distribution of a meniscus-shaped cell culture in a Petri dish.
A novel, scalable algorithm for magnetic recording simulation.
Atmospheric Correction of AISA Measurements Over the Florida Keys Optically Shallow Waters - Challenges in Radiometric Calibration and Aerosol Selection.
Identification and tracking of robots in an intelligent space using static cameras and an XPFCP.
Which circulant preconditioner is better?
Longitudinal studies of ischemic penumbra by using 18F-FDG PET and MRI techniques in permanent and transient focal cerebral ischemia in rats.
QoS Algorithm for Localised Routing Based on Bandwidth as the Dominant Metric for Candidate Path Selection.
Clustering Brain-Network Time Series by Riemannian Geometry.
The role of asynchronous discussions in increasing the effectiveness of remote synchronous requirements negotiations.
Wavelet fusion for encrypting images with a few details.
Instructional design and assessment strategies for teaching global software development - a framework.
Symmetry in RLT-type relaxations for the quadratic assignment and standard quadratic optimization problems.
TREAT - Terse Rapid Edge-Anchored Tracklets.
A flexible ensemble-SVM for computer vision tasks.
Investigating the Relationship between Argumentation Semantics via Signatures.
An ant colony-based semi-supervised approach for learning classification rules.
Decentralized, Adaptive Coverage Control for Networked Robots.
Block Operator Context Scanning for Commercial Tracking.
Visual Grouping by Neural Oscillator Networks.
Nesting the context for pervasive robotics.
QuTiBench - Benchmarking Neural Networks on Heterogeneous Hardware.
Hadoop neural network for parallel and distributed feature selection.
The rank of random regular digraphs of constant degree.
Multi-site genetic analysis of diffusion images and voxelwise heritability analysis - A pilot project of the ENIGMA-DTI working group.
Real-time head nod and shake detection for continuous human affect recognition.
Genome Modeling System - A Knowledge Management Platform for Genomics.
Cascaded discrimination of normal, abnormal, and confounder classes in histopathology - Gleason grading of prostate cancer.
Calculating the Distribution of a Linear Combination of Uniform Order Statistics.
New instrumentation for human robot interaction assessment based on observational methods.
Correction - Ferreira, P.M., et al. A Neural Network Based Intelligent Predictive Sensor for Cloudiness, Solar Radiation and Air Temperature. Sensors 2012, 12, 15750-15777.
A refined nonlocal thermoelasticity theory for the vibration of nanobeams induced by ramp-type heating.
A CMOS LNA Partially Degenerated Topology Proposal Using Active Inductors.
Multi-frequency investigation into scattering from vegetation over the growth cycle.
An Adaptive Middleware for Opportunistic Mobile Sensing.
A linked modelling framework to explore interactions among climate, soil water, and land use decisions in the Argentine Pampas.
Solutions of fractional systems of difference equations.
Commercial supercapacitor parameter estimation from step voltage excitation.
Search Engine Evaluation based on Search Engine Switching Prediction.
Exploring the Impact of Early Decisions in Variable Ordering for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Robust Real-Time Automatic License Plate Recognition based on the YOLO Detector.
Multivariate Gaussian Process Emulators With Nonseparable Covariance Structures.
Broadly Available Broadband.
Self-Organization and Resilience for Networked Systems - Design Principles and Open Research Issues.
Predicting the outer membrane proteome of Pasteurella multocida based on consensus prediction enhanced by results integration and manual confirmation.
Teaching Software Product Lines - A Snapshot of Current Practices and Challenges.
Transient analysis applied to traffic modeling.
Design and Evaluation of an Operational Mobility Model over IPv6 (OMIPv6) Based on ID/Locator Split Architecture.
Radio Environment Maps for 5G Cognitive Radio Network.
Multi-layer e-textile circuits.
A preprocessing optimization applied to the cell suppression problem in statistical disclosure control.
 E-Government, EEE 2010, July 12-15, 2010, Las Vegas Nevada, USA
Mapping UML sequence diagram to time petri net for requirement validation of embedded real-time systems with energy constraints.
Supporting secure collaborations with attribute-based access control.
Artifact Removal in Physiological Signals - Practices and Possibilities.
A Methodology for Validating Artifact Removal Techniques for Physiological Signals.
Active Visual Perception for Humanoid Robots.
Slacking in the context of agent-based assessment in virtual rehabilitation systems.
A novel BCI-controlled pneumatic glove system for home-based neurorehabilitation.
A New Framework for Underdetermined Speech Extraction Using Mixture of Beamformers.
Recommender Systems Using Harmonic Analysis.
Nasa soil moisture active passive mission status and science highlights.
Economical Comparison of Enterprise In-Building Wireless Solutions Using DAS and Femto.
On an Inverse Problem from Magnetic Resonance Elastic Imaging.
A novel multi-platform service-based approach for learning environments.
Image Retrieval and Pattern Spotting using Siamese Neural Network.
Spatially weighted mutual information (SWMI) for registration of digitally reconstructed ex vivo whole mount histology and in vivo prostate MRI.
Aspect-based Financial Sentiment Analysis with Deep Neural Networks.
Performance Evaluation and Analysis of the Virtual Networks Built by Different Virtual Machine Managers.
Inteligência Coletiva e Gestão do Conhecimento - Quem é Meio e Quem é Fim?
An Improved Generalized Regression Neural Network for Type II Diabetes Classification.
Parameter tuning for configuring and analyzing evolutionary algorithms.
Tensor-based vs. matrix-based rank reduction in dynamic brain connectivity.
The International Exascale Software Project roadmap.
Online Responsibility - Bad Samaritanism and the Influence of Internet Mediation.
Cardiac oxygen supply is compromised during the night in hypertensive patients.
Cell Nuclei Segmentation in Variable Intensity Fluorescence Microscopy Images.
Performance of video processing at the edge for crowd-monitoring applications.
Gamification in e-Learning Systems - A Conceptual Model to Engage Students and Its Application in an Adaptive e-Learning System.
Fuzzy control with time delay for Networked Control Systems.
Discussion - No S without Q ⇒ No E without Q?
Local Features Classification for Adaptive Tracking.
Proximal hyperspectral sensing and data analysis approaches for field-based plant phenomics.
A Minimal Spanning Tree Analysis of EEG Responses to Complex Visual Stimuli.
Haptic simulation of needle and probe interaction with tissue for prostate brachytherapy training.
Evaluating Competence Measures for Dynamic Regressor Selection.
Reduction of pattern-dependent amplitude modulation for RZ data in semiconductor optical amplifier with delay interferometer.
Identification of moving objects in poor quality surveillance data.
Smart gadgets meet ubiquitous and social robots on the web.
Learning Global Agile Software Engineering Using Same-Site and Cross-Site Teams.
Fault Diagnosis of Industrial Systems with Bayesian Networks and Neural Networks.
Statistical analysis of topographic images of nanoporous silicon and model surfaces.
A Suite of Ontologies for Robotics and Automation [Industrial Activities].
Influence of anisotropic white matter modeling on EEG source localization.
Three-layer-isotropic skull conductivity representation in the EEG forward problem using spherical head models.
Sensitivity analysis of Jacobian determinant used in treatment planning for lung cancer.
D Partners in International Open Innovation Processes.
Quantifying Canopy Tree Loss and Gap Recovery in Tropical Forests under Low-Intensity Logging Using VHR Satellite Imagery and Airborne LiDAR.
Clustering gene expression time series data using an infinite Gaussian process mixture model.
Embedded NMR Sensor to Monitor Compressive Strength Development and Pore Size Distribution in Hydrating Concrete.
Intelligent Models for Predicting the Thrust Force and Perpendicular Vibrations in Microdrilling Processes.
Introduction to Evolutionary Computing, Second Edition
Critical IT Project Management Competencies - Aligning Instructional Outcomes with Industry Expectations.
Holistic features for real-time crowd behaviour anomaly detection.
Social Network Analysis and Data Mining - An Application to the E-Learning Context.
Decreased norepinephrine transporter availability in obesity - Positron Emission Tomography imaging with (S, S)-[11C]O-methylreboxetine.
Using Semantic Data Mining for Classification Improvement and Knowledge Extraction.
Multi-objective optimization of multimedia embedded systems using genetic algorithms and stochastic simulation.
Performance analysis of spectrum sensing schemes based on fractional lower order moments for cognitive radios in symmetric α-stable noise environments.
The Evaluation of Effects on Breast Cancer Diagnoses When Using Mammographic Semantic Information.
An Accessible Platform for People With Disabilities.
Architecture of a Federated Query Engine for Heterogeneous Resources.
Competitive Intelligence in the Service Sector - A Data Visualization Approach.
First Autonomous Multi-Room Exploration with an Insect-Inspired Flapping Wing Vehicle.
On the importance of initialization and momentum in deep learning.
An open platform to support home healthcare services using interactive TV.
Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Open Badges in Education co-located with the 5th International Learning Analytics and Knowledge Conference (LAK 2015), Poughkeepsie, USA, March 16, 2015.
Versatile multiview layered video based on distributed source coding.
Disease model curation improvements at Mouse Genome Informatics.
Supervisory Control of Multilevel Discrete-Event Systems with a Bus Structure.
Efficiently Reasoning with Interval Constraints in Forward Search Planning.
Exploration driven by local potential distortions.
Implementation of a Game-based Information System and e-Therapeutic Platform in a Pediatric Emergency Department Waiting Room - Preliminary Evidence of Benefit.
Improved power budgets of end-to-end real-time optical OFDM PON systems using wavelength-offset optical filtering.
Structure of online dating markets in US cities.
Experimental Evaluation of Server Centric Passive Optical Network Based Data Centre Architecture.
TDM/WDM over AWGR Based Passive Optical Network Data Centre Architecture.
Modelling and molecular docking studies of the cytoplasmic domain of Wsc-family, full-length Ras2p, and therapeutic antifungal compounds.
Whoosh - non-voice acoustics for low-cost, hands-free, and rapid input on smartwatches.
Automatic Modulation Recognition in Wireless Multi-carrier Wireless Systems with Cepstral Features.
Effective Connectivity in the Primary Somatosensory Network using Combined EEG and MEG.
On guiding video object segmentation.
The use of Static Synchronous Series Compensator for improving power system stability in response to selective-pole switching.
Tactile taps teach rhythmic text entry - passive haptic learning of morse code.
A monolithic conservative level set method with built-in redistancing.
Robustness of Quantitative Compressive Sensing MRI - The Effect of Random Undersampling Patterns on Derived Parameters for DCE- and DSC-MRI.
New prioritized value iteration for Markov decision processes.
Superstring interactions and computation.
A hybrid human and machine resource curation pipeline for the Neuroscience Information Framework.
Metaheuristics with disposal facility positioning for the waste collection VRP with time windows.
Breast elastography - Identification of benign and malignant cancer based on absolute elastic modulus measurement using vibro-elastography.
Visualization of Flow Fields in the Web Platform.
 with panelists.
Analyzing human gait and posture by combining feature selection and kernel methods.
Quantifying Human Autonomy Recovery During Ankle Robot-Assisted Reversal of Foot Drop After Stroke.
Design for Transfer - Meaningful Play through Metaphorical Recontextualisation.
Schedule-free high-frequency transit operations.
Real-time Volume Rendering and Tractography Visualization on the Web.
Air filter particulate loading detection using smartphone audio and optimized ensemble classification.
A Parser and a Software Visualization Environment to Support the Comprehension of MATLAB/Octave Programs.
Native IPv6 behind IPv4-to-IPv4 NAT Customer Premises Equipment (6a44).
Looking-ahead in backtracking algorithms for abstract argumentation.
Optimal Sizing of Thyristor-Controlled Impedance for Smart Grids With Multiple Configurations.
A new simple emulator circuit for current controlled memristor.
Creating collar-sensed motion gestures for dog-human communication in service applications.
A novel memristor emulator based only on an exponential amplifier and CCII+.
The predictive power of the SNA metrics for education.
A comparison of order picking methods augmented with weight checking error detection.
Coupling Regulatory Networks and Microarays - Revealing Molecular Regulations of Breast Cancer Treatment Responses.
MoodLens - towards improving nonverbal emotional expression with an in-lens fiber optic display.
WatchOut - extending interactions on a smartwatch with inertial sensing.
Performance evaluation of an ungrouped and a grouped limited-wavelength-interchange cross-connect considering coherent and incoherent crosstalk.
Integration of E - learning 2.0 with Web 2.0.
Culture and the Safety of Complex Automated Sociotechnical Systems.
Short-Time Expansions for Call Options on Leveraged ETFs Under Exponential Lévy Models with Local Volatility.
Unsupervised label noise modeling and loss correction.
A note on an architecture for integrating cloud computing and enterprise systems using REA.
Towards patterns to enhance the communication in distributed software development environments.
A three-step approach for the derivation and validation of high-performing predictive models using an operational dataset - congestive heart failure readmission case study.
Accounting Information Systems (AIS) Course Design - Current Practices and Future Trajectories.
Dynamics of an Economics Model for Generation Coupled to the OPA Power Transmission Model.
On the performance of adaptive HARQ with no channel state information feedback.
Culture and the performance of teams in complex systems.
Multi-microphone adaptive array augmented with visual cueing.
s-Eye Lens Technique for Generating Semiconductor Device Fabrication Masks.
Mangrove Species Identification - Comparing WorldView-2 with Aerial Photographs.
Traffic Sign Recognition Based on Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Count me in - using a patient portal to minimize implicit bias in clinical research recruitment.
Supporting distress signals over Low Earth orbit Mobile satellite Systems for Emergency Information Acquisition.
A flexible low cost embedded system for Model Predictive Control of industrial processes.
s disease assessment.
Evolutionary Design of an Open-Loop Turn Circle Intercept Controller.
On e-Government Project Development in Balmeda.
Hybrid Detection of Application Layer Attacks Using Markov Models for Normality and Attacks.
UR-FUNNY - A Multimodal Language Dataset for Understanding Humor.
Integrating radiomic features from T2-weighted and contrast-enhanced MRI to evaluate pathologic rectal tumor regression after chemoradiation.
The Surprising Creativity of Digital Evolution - A Collection of Anecdotes from the Evolutionary Computation and Artificial Life Research Communities.
Comparison of radii sets, entropy, QM methods, and sampling on MM-PBSA, MM-GBSA, and QM/MM-GBSA ligand binding energies of F. tularensis enoyl-ACP reductase (FabI).
Use of Needle Track Detection to Quantify the Displacement of Stranded Seeds Following Prostate Brachytherapy.
Data fusion for planning target volume and isodose prediction in prostate brachytherapy.
ECrits - Visualizing Support Ticket Escalation Risk.
Blue Gene/L, a System-On-A-Chip.
Dspace e archivematica - concepção e criação de um protótipo de repositório digital aplicado no domínio da SBPC - sob uma perspectiva interdisciplinar entre Arquivística e Organização e Represetação do Conheciimento.
Experimental Matching of Instances to Heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
What do Support Analysts Know About Their Customers? On the Study and Prediction of Support Ticket Escalations in Large Software Organizations.
Identifying and ranking cultural heritage resources on geotagged social media for smart cultural tourism services.
SpECTRE - A Task-based Discontinuous Galerkin Code for Relativistic Astrophysics.
Development and validation of the SMAP enhanced passive soil moisture product.
A conceptual design and demonstration for an e-care system.
Automatic Training Set Generation for Better Historic Document Transcription and Compression.
Five Years of Graduate CS Education Online and at Scale.
Amyloid precursor protein interaction network in human testis - sentinel proteins for male reproduction.
A Fast Sparse Block Circulant Matrix Vector Product.
Addressing the Challenges of Software Industry Globalization - The Workshop on Global Software Development.
Fusion of Ultrasound B-Mode and Vibro-Elastography Images for Automatic 3-D Segmentation of the Prostate.
22st International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High Performance Computing, SBAC-PAD 2010, Petropolis, Brazil, October 27-30, 2010
Investigation of time-of-flight benefit for fully 3-DPET.
On the Emergence of Islands in Complex Networks.
Zero-Maintenance Disk Arrays.
A new manual insertion tool for minimally invasive, image-guided cochlear implant surgery.
Predicting behavioral intention of mobile Internet usage.
A Discriminative Framework for Stain Deconvolution of Histopathology Images in the Maxwellian Space.
Modelling and Solving the Joint Order Batching and Picker Routing Problem in Inventories.
Impact of electronic medication reconciliation interventions on medication discrepancies at hospital transitions - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multivariable GPC for processes with multiple time delays - Implementation issues.
WiFiBoost - a terminal-based method for detection of indoor/outdoor places.
Transmitter and Receiver Equalizers Optimization Methodologies for High-Speed Links in Industrial Computer Platforms Post-Silicon Validation.
Vehicle model recognition from frontal view image measurements.
Thermal Noise Estimation and Removal in MRI - A Noise Cancellation Approach.
Reliability of Disk Arrays with Double Parity.
Real-Time Hand Gesture Recognition Based on Artificial Feed-Forward Neural Networks and EMG.
A transductive neuro-fuzzy controller - application to a drilling process.
Grid computing for improving conformational sampling in NMR structure calculation.
A compositional semantics for Repairable Fault Trees with general distributions.
Blending real with virtual in 3DLife.
.
 Inclusion into e-Governance - Social Media, e-Services, e-Petitions Usage.
Whole Networks versus Inter-organizational Systems - Exploring Common Ground for US E-prescribing.
Evolving solutions of mixed-model assembly line balancing problems by chaining heuristic optimization methods - track - evolutionary combinatorial optimization and meta-heuristics.
 Information System for Tertiary Institutions Using Neural Networks - An Open Source Approach.
Enabling Collaborative Numerical Modeling in Earth Sciences using Knowledge Infrastructure.
A Quantitative and Qualitative Assessment of Automatic Text Summarization Systems.
Integrating ontologies of human diseases, phenotypes, and radiological diagnosis.
miRNA Based Pathway Analysis Tool in Nephroblastoma as a Proof of Principle for other Cancer Domains.
Introducing dAUTObase - a first step towards the global scale geoepidemiology of autoimmune syndromes and diseases.
A model of two-thumb chording on a phone keypad.
s e.Deorbit mission.
An Evaluation of Parallel Computing in PC Clusters with Fast Ethernet.
e-Government Readiness, Strategy and Two Different User Groups - in Austria.
Business Analytics in the Context of Big Data - A Roadmap for Research.
Combining marker-less patient setup and respiratory motion monitoring using low cost 3D camera technology.
Robustness from flexibility in the fungal circadian clock.
An Industrial Experience in Process Improvement - An Early Assessment at the Australian Center for Unisys Software.
A Multiscale Blob Representation of Mammographic Parenchymal Patterns and Mammographic Risk Assessment.
Real-time field sports scene classification using colour and frequency space decompositions.
Application of Artificial Intelligence Techniques for the Control of the Asynchronous Machine.
Towards an integrated assessment of climate and socio-economic change impacts and implications in New Zealand.
The Impact of the Web and Political Balance to e-Democracy.
A Formal Model for Performance and Energy Evaluation of Embedded Systems.
Learner Self-Regulation and Web 2.0 Tools Management in Personal Learning Environment.
Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality, Or How to Use SVD in Many Dimensions.
HeartHealth - A Cardiovascular Disease Home-based Rehabilitation System.
The antecedents of e-learning adoption within Italian corporate universities - a comparative case study.
Hardware acceleration of combined cipher and forward error correction for low-power wireless applications.
Investigating the Digital Literacy Needs of Healthcare Students when using Mobile Tablet Devices.
Adaptive Protection Coordination for Steel Manufacturers Users.
Automation of Algorithmic Tasks for Virtual Laboratories Based on Automata Theory.
Spare parts logistics and installed base information.
Multiple Transient Faults in Combinational Logic with Placement Considerations.
Directing Chemotaxis-Based Spatial Self-Organization via Biased, Random Initial Conditions.
Automation of Algorithmic Tasks for Virtual Laboratories Based on Automata Theory.
Saite AVA - Experience Report on the Construction of a Virtual Learning Environment for Learning Paths Methodology.
Optimal management of an urban road network with an environmental perspective.
ResnetCrowd - A residual deep learning architecture for crowd counting, violent behaviour detection and crowd density level classification.
Generation of Stereoscopic Interactive Learning Objects True to the Original Object.
High-Grade Glioma Diffusive Modeling Using Statistical Tissue Information and Diffusion Tensors Extracted from Atlases.
Compositional Construction of Importance Functions in Fully Automated Importance Splitting.
How to prove that a preconditioner cannot be superlinear.
Towards a canine-human communication system based on head gestures.
In-Depth Analysis and Evaluation of Diffusive Glioma Models.
Accelerated on-line calibration of Dynamic Traffic Assignment using distributed Stochastic Gradient approximation.
Precisely Serializable Snapshot Isolation (PSSI).
Soil moisture retrieval with airborne PALS instrument over agricultural areas in SMAPVEX16.
MnxZn1-xFe2-yRyO4 (R=Gd, Eu) ferrite nanocrystals for magnetocaloric applications.
Strong admissibility revisited - Theory and applications.
What is the Benefit of Including Uncertainty in Transmission Planning? A WECC Case Study.
P-score - A Publication-based Metric for Academic Productivity.
 performance and learning presence.
 performance and learning presence.
Improving an evolutionary multi-objective algorithm for the biclustering of gene expression data.
Video Traffic Prioritization in WLANs Using Single Queue Priority Scheduler.
Process variations-aware resistive associative processor design.
s disease.
Output Feedback Linearization of Turbidostats After Time Scaling.
Cooperative efects on the formation of 4-methyloxycarbonyl-2-azetidinone clusters.
A New Mechanism to Preserving Data Confidentiality in Cloud Database Scenarios.
Cell settling effects on a thermal inkjet bioprinter.
A Flexible Mechanism for Data Confidentiality in Cloud Database Scenarios.
Event Monitoring System to Classify Unexpected Events for Production Planning.
Event Classification System to Reconsider the Production Planning.
A Networked SIS Disease Dynamics Model with a Waterborne Pathogen.
Architectural implications of smart city business models - an evolutionary perspective.
Calibration Drift of Clinical Prediction Models Across Modeling Methods.
Action localization in video using a graph-based feature representation.
Detection of parking spots using 2D range data.
Mile High WiFi - A First Look At In-Flight Internet Connectivity.
An investigation into the efficacy of avatar-based systems for student advice.
Meta-learning for fast classifier adaptation to new users of Signature Verification systems.
Integrated technology-organization-environment (T-O-E) taxonomies for technology adoption.
Enrichment sampling for a multi-site patient survey using electronic health records and census data.
PDSW - A program for the calculation of photon energy distribution resulting from radioactive elements in seawater.
Mortadelo - Automatic generation of NoSQL stores from platform-independent data models.
Improving the drug dispensing process at the national institute of respiratory diseases by applying the six sigma methodology.
Metagene projection characterizes GEN2.2 and CAL-1 as relevant human plasmacytoid dendritic cell models.
Environmental monitoring of El Hierro Island submarine volcano, by combining low and high resolution satellite imagery.
Activity Recognition for a Smartphone Based Travel Survey Based on Cross-User History Data.
Transcriptomics of cortical gray matter thickness decline during normal aging.
Impact of Coordination Mechanisms on the Collaborative Planning Process Components.
An Asset to Security Modeling? - Analyzing Stakeholder Collaborations Instead of Threats to Assets.
Fractional-order Memristor Response Under DC and Periodic Signals.
Boundary Dynamics of Memcapacitor in Voltage-Excited Circuits and Relaxation Oscillators.
HIV Therapy Simulator - a graphical user interface for comparing the effectiveness of novel therapy regimens.
Self-supervised monocular distance learning on a lightweight micro air vehicle.
Security Primitives for Reconfigurable Hardware-Based Systems.
Web Log Pre-processing and Analysis for Generation of Learning Profiles in Adaptive E-learning.
Web Log Pre-processing and Analysis for Generation of Learning Profiles in Adaptive E-learning.
SEAMLOC - Seamless Indoor Localization Based on Reduced Number of Calibration Points.
Coding and Interleaving Schemes for Information Acquisition from Wireless Sensor Networks.
Vulnerable Galois RLWE Families and Improved Attacks.
Software reliability prediction using multi-objective genetic algorithm.
Spectral Unmixing With Multiple Dictionaries.
Automatic detection of a hand-held needle in ultrasound via phased-based analysis of the tremor motion.
Flight Deck Interval Management Delegated Separation Using Equivalent Visual Operations.
e-Assessment Behind the Scenes - Common Perception of e-Assessment and How We See It Nowadays.
Matrix completion based ECG compression.
Quantifying mobility - pervasive technologies for transport modeling.
The Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) Term Standardization for Clinical Pharmacogenetic Test Results - Alleles and Phenotypes.
Computation Counts - An Introduction to Analytic Concepts in Computer Science.
Automatic Text Document Summarization Based on Machine Learning.
A low cost digital voltmeter with temperature-measuring and data logging.
Land Cover Change in the Lower Yenisei River Using Dense Stacking of Landsat Imagery in Google Earth Engine.
Jupyter Notebooks - a publishing format for reproducible computational workflows.
Genome-Wide SNP Signal Intensity Scanning Revealed Genes Differentiating Cows with Ovarian Pathologies from Healthy Cows.
Modeling of transcatheter aortic valve replacement - Patient specific vs general approaches based on finite element analysis.
A checklist for model credibility, salience, and legitimacy to improve information transfer in environmental policy assessments.
Activist Engineering - Changing Engineering Practice By Deploying Praxis.
The Effects of Communication Media on Group Performance in Requirements Engineering.
Generating Super Stimulated-Echoes in MRI and Their Application to Hyperpolarized C-13 Diffusion Metabolic Imaging.
Data-Free Knowledge Distillation for Deep Neural Networks.
ABKD - Multimodal Mobile Language Game for Collaborative Learning of Chinese Hanzi and Japanese Kanji Characters.
Sparse-Grid-Based Adaptive Model Predictive Control of HL60 Cellular Differentiation.
A Dataset for Breast Cancer Histopathological Image Classification.
Minimal implications base for social network analysis.
Optical-flow based self-supervised learning of obstacle appearance applied to MAV landing.
Automated Recognition of Organ Sub-components for Segmentation Seeding Using Machine Learning.
Unifying Geometric, Probabilistic, and Potential Field Approaches to Multi-robot Coverage Control.
Virtual Network Embedding Employing Renewable Energy Sources.
Using a Multilayer Self-Organizing Map for Risk Prediction in Hepatorenal Syndrome.
On the Gradient Descent Localization of Radioactive Sources.
Analysis of data from accelerometers of mobile devices.
Review of the Book Predicting Vehicle Trajectory [Book Review].
E-NOTE - An E-voting system that ensures voter confidentiality and voting accuracy.
ISDB-T receiver architecture and VLSI implementation in 65 nm CMOS, for Fixed-Reception high definition Digital Television.
Special Issue on Software Architecture and Mobility.
How E-Learning Can Facilitate Information Security Awareness.
Temporal segmentation and recognition of team activities in sports.
Long-term place recognition using multi-level words of spatial densities.
Utilization of ancillary data sets for SMAP algorithm development and product generation.
 Ultrasound for Robot-Assisted Minimally Invasive Surgery.
Preface.
Structured preconditioners for operator equations.
A biological mechanism for Bayesian feature selection - Weight decay and raising the LASSO.
Design of a Distributed Coupling Toolkit for High Performance Computing environment.
Local Bagging of Decision Stumps.
Payload maximization for open chained manipulators - finding weightlifting motions for a Puma 762 robot.
Seed localization in Ultrasound and Registration to C-Arm Fluoroscopy Using Matched Needle Tracks for Prostate Brachytherapy.
Automated generation of test cases using a performability model.
Identification of substructures in complex networks using formal concept analysis.
Tracking the Development of Functional Connectomes for Face Processing.
Predictive control of a current source rectifier with imposed sinusoidal input currents.
Visual Analytics Framework for Condition Monitoring in Cyber-Physical Systems.
A Comprehensive Sanitization Approach for Workflow Provenance Graphs.
Optimal power flow using an Improved Colliding Bodies Optimization algorithm.
ATLANTIC - A framework for anomaly traffic detection, classification, and mitigation in SDN.
The danger of systematic bias in group-level FMRI-lag-based causality estimation.
3-Color Shift Keying for Indoor Visible Light Communications.
A novel shape descriptor based on salient keypoints detection for binary image matching and retrieval.
 publication patterns in the information systems discipline.
Novel Potentiometric 2, 6-Dichlorophenolindo-phenolate (DCPIP) Membrane-Based Sensors - Assessment of Their Input in the Determination of Total Phenolics and Ascorbic Acid in Beverages.
Intelligent Modification of Colors in Digitized Paintings for Enhancing the Visual Perception of Color-blind Viewers.
Meminductor Response Under Periodic Current Excitations.
The STEP environment for distributed problem-based learning on the World Wide Web.
Using Personal Learning Environment (PLE) Management to Support Digital Lifelong Learning.
E-government portals best practices - a comprehensive survey.
Novel multiresolution mammographic density segmentation using pseudo 3D features and adaptive cluster merging.
Fraud in roaming scenarios - an overview.
A new approach based on generalized type-2 fuzzy logic for edge detection.
Online Sliding-Window Methods for Process Model Adaptation.
On a problem related to the Vandermonde determinant.
Portable Queries Using the Brick Schema for Building Applications - Demo Abstract.
Brick - Towards a Unified Metadata Schema For Buildings.
Pattern Learning through Distant Supervision for Extraction of Protein-Residue Associations in the Biomedical Literature.
Coordination motion-tasks using actual robot dynamics.
Enabling opportunistic search and placement in cache networks.
Deadlock-freedom in component systems with architectural constraints.
NSCLC tumor shrinkage prediction using quantitative image features.
Molecular modelling studies of synthesized pentacyclo-undecane peptides as potential HIV-1 wild type C-SA protease inhibitors.
Optimally solving the joint order batching and picker routing problem.
A dynamical model to classify the content of multitemporal images employing distributed computing techniques.
7T multi-shell hybrid diffusion imaging (HYDI) for mapping brain connectivity in mice.
Mapping and Monitoring Clear-cuts in Swedish Forest using ALOS PALSAR Satellite Images.
Probabilistic measures of efficiency and the influence of contextual variables in nonparametric production models - an application to agricultural research in Brazil.
s Chain Codes and Abductive Network Classifiers.
Complementary ensemble clustering of biomedical data.
Reductions of Noise and Uncertainty in Annual Global Surface temperature Anomaly Data.
Contraction theory approach to generalized decentralized cyclic algorithms for global formation acquisition and control.
A software framework for the analysis of complex microscopy image data.
Multilevel Methods for Sparse Representation of Topographical Data.
Unified Curvilinear Ocean Atmosphere Model (UCOAM) - A vertical velocity case study.
Understanding Math Concepts Through Computer-Modeled Virtual Objects.
An Activity Theory Analysis of RFID in Hospitals.
An approximation formula for the variance of PET region-of-interest values.
Towards an International Polar Data Coordination Network.
Cast-as-Intended Verification in Electronic Elections Based on Oblivious Transfer.
 Self-management - E-course, E-tutoring and Online Support System.
Developing knowledge resources to support precision medicine - principles from the Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC).
A new approach on the construction of trigonometrically fitted two step hybrid methods.
Proteochemometric modeling in a Bayesian framework.
Mobile AD(D) - Estimating Mobile App Session Times for Better Ads.
Modeling of Human Upper Body for Sign Language Recognition.
3DLife - Bringing the Media Internet to Life.
Human Upper Body Pose Region Estimation.
E-AMOM - an energy-aware modeling and optimization methodology for scientific applications.
Resisting Impersonation Attacks in Chaining-based Public-Key Management on Manets - The Virtual Public-key Management.
Attacks on the Search RLWE Problem with Small Errors.
E-Lance Enabled Network Exchanges within Supply Chains - The Influence of Network Governance and Social Control Mechanisms on Network Success.
Validating ontologies in informatics systems - approaches and lessons learned for AEC.
Peer-to-peer information retrieval using shared-content clustering.
Redundancy-free Verbalization of Individuals for Ontology Validation.
Modeling of Item-Difficulty for Ontology-based MCQs.
 IDE commands with machine learning.
FRPCA - Fast Robust Principal Component Analysis for online observations.
Parameter sensitivity study for optimization of single phase E-Core hybrid excitation flux switching machine.
Specific Rain Attenuation Derived from a Gaussian Mixture Model for Rainfall Drop Size Distribution.
Improved quadratic cuts for convex mixed-integer nonlinear programs.
 Performance.
Video Conferencing Evaluation Considering Scalable Video Coding and SDN Network.
John Levi Martin. Thinking through Methods - A Social Science Primer. Chicago - The University of Chicago Press, 2017. 269p. Paper, $30.00 (ISBN 978-0-22-643172-7). LC 2016025207.
lrgpr - interactive linear mixed model analysis of genome-wide association studies with composite hypothesis testing and regression diagnostics in R.
Attention, Motivation and Emotion in Cognitive Software Agents.
Empirical Comparisons of X-bar Charts when Control Limits are Estimated.
Low-Cost Identifiers for Ubiquitous Computing.
Owner-Borrower Model for Recommenders in O2O Services.
Two extensions of system ${\mathsf F}$ with (co)iteration and primitive (co)recursion principles.
Hawk and Aucitas - e-Auction Schemes from the Helios and Civitas e-Voting Schemes.
Introduction to PDSEC-19.
Microwave Soil Moisture Retrieval under Trees using a Modified Tau-omega Model.
Ontology Verbalization using Semantic-Refinement.
Wireless passive sensor for pH monitoring inside a small bioreactor.
Conformal Geometric Algebra method for detection of geometric primitives.
Report on Workshop on High Performance Computing and Communications for Grand Challenge Applications - Computer Vision, Speech and Natural Language Processing, and Artificial Intelligence.
GRASP with path relinking for the manufacturing cell formation problem considering part processing sequence.
Discovering Molecular Functional Groups Using Graph Convolutional Neural Networks.
Survivability as a generalization of recovery.
Enhancing the Quality of Color Documents with Back-to-Front Interference.
Pattern-Based Usability Evaluation of E-Learning Systems.
A Learning Rule-Based Robotics Hand Optimal Force Closure.
 Quality of Service by Shortening Their Browsing Expected Path Length.
Advancing Large Scale Many-Body QMC Simulations on GPU Accelerated Multicore Systems.
Translating Natural Language into Ontology.
The Influence of Software Product Quality Attributes on Open Source Projects - A Characterization Study.
13, Berkeley, CA, USA, May 22-24, 2013
s bound for independent systems of algebraic partial differential equations.
Cloud Chamber - A Self-Organizing Facility to Create, Exercise, and Examine Software as a Service Tenants.
A new class of multi-stable neural networks - Stability analysis and learning process.
Steganography Algorithm Based on the Nonlocal Maximum Likelihood Noise Estimation for Mobile Applications.
Multichannel acquisition system and denoising for the detection and location of partial discharges using acoustic emissions.
Exceptionally Social - Design of an Avatar-Mediated Interactive System for Promoting Social Skills in Children with Autism.
Biclustering strategies for genetic marker selection in gynecologic tumor cell lines.
Computer-mediated communication to support distributed requirements elicitations and negotiations tasks.
Quantifying radiographic knee osteoarthritis severity using deep convolutional neural networks.
Determination of Complex-Valued Parametric Model Coefficients Using Artificial Neural Network Technique.
Building Multimedia Artifacts Using a Cyber-Enabled Video Repository - The VMCAnalytic.
Evaluating an iPad Game to Address Overselectivity in Preliterate AAC Users with Minimal Verbal Behavior.
Benchmarking Synchronous and Asynchronous Stream Processing Systems.
Using Online Digital Tools and Video to Support International Problem-Based Learning.
Choosing e-books - a perspective from academic libraries.
Huffman Trees as a Basis for a Dynamic Mutual Exclusion Algorithm for Distributed Systems.
Abnormal crowd behavior detection using novel optical flow-based features.
Performance Analysis of Cluster Formation in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A Fast Recovery Technique for Grid-Connected Converters After Short Dips Using a Hybrid Structure PLL.
Vision-Based Global Localization Using Ceiling Space Density.
Explorando la Influencia del Género en la Percepción y Adopción de e-Learning en Alumnos de Educación Superior en Chile.
Low Complexity Hybrid ARQ Using Extended Turbo Product Codes Self-Detection.
Barriers to acceptance of personal digital assistants for HIV/AIDS data collection in Angola.
Index tracking with fixed and variable transaction costs.
On Weierstrass extreme value theorem.
A fuzzy ontology approach to represent user profiles in e-learning environments.
Práticas de má conduta na comunicação científica e o fluxo editorial - um estudo com editores de revistas científicas SciELO.
Feature Model Synthesis with Genetic Programming.
A Statistical Characterization of Localization Performance in Wireless Networks.
Cloud based Services for Biomedical Image Analysis.
Inexact power sharing in AC/DC hybrid microgrids.
Evaluating 35 Methods to Generate Structural Connectomes Using Pairwise Classification.
Multi-objective economic-emission optimal load dispatch using bacterial foraging algorithm.
Learning Stabilizable Dynamical Systems via Control Contraction Metrics.
Optimal Tradeoff Between Transmission Rate and Packet Duration in Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
Graph Matching - Relax at Your Own Risk.
e systems with arbitrary information structure constraints.
Beyond links - Understanding meaning and control in political blogs.
Applying the Widget Paradigm to Learning Design - Towards a New Level of User Adoption.
Social Data Visualization System for Understanding Diffusion Patterns on Twitter - A Case Study on Korean Enterprises.
Pedestrian Detection and Tracking Using Three-Dimensional LADAR Data.
Evaluating squat performance with a single inertial measurement unit.
An Evaluation Framework for the Comparison of Fine-Grained Predictive Models in Health Care.
s disease.
On fuzzy random multiobjective quadratic programming.
A Middleware with Comprehensive Quality of Context Support for the Internet of Things Applications.
TRR - Reducing Crowdsourcing Task Redundancy.
Hybrid architecture of multi-robot systems based on formation control and SOM neural networks.
Multi-variate image analysis for detection of biomedical anomalies.
Towards a DSL for Educational Data Mining.
Automatically detecting asymmetric running using time and frequency domain features.
Performance evaluation of moment-based watermarking methods - A review.
A Transductive Neuro-Fuzzy Force Control - An Ethernet-Based Application to a Drilling Process.
Discrimination of Preictal and Interictal Brain States from Long-Term EEG Data.
Influence of Sampling Voltmeter Parameters on RMS Measurements of Josephson Stepwise-Approximated Sine Waves.
Preface.
Impulse Transmission Model of Macroeconomic Cycle Within the Framework of the Theory of Shocks - Aspect of Economic Security.
An Integrated Converter and Machine Control System for MMC-Based High-Power Drives.
Automated detection of glaucoma using optical coherence tomography angiogram images.
Fractal image perception provides novel insights into hierarchical cognition.
Multi-script writer identification using dissimilarity.
Parameter Tuning of Evolutionary Algorithms - Generalist vs. Specialist.
Propuesta de Modelo de Gobierno TI para Empresa de Servicios Sanitarios de Chile.
Disaggregated water sensing from a single, pressure-based sensor - An extended analysis of HydroSense using staged experiments.
A higher order Sobolev-type inner product for orthogonal polynomials in several variables.
On Techniques for Content-Based Visual Annotation to Aid Intra-Track Music Navigation.
E-Assessment Tool - A Course Assessment Tool Integrated into Knowledge Assessment.
An Approach to Measure Student Activity in Learning Management Systems.
Play Me Back - A Unified Training Platform for Robotic and Laparoscopic Surgery.
Text Line Detection in Document Images - Towards a Support System for the Blind.
Using a Plan Graph with Interaction Estimates for Probabilistic Planning.
Activity recognition for a smartphone and web based travel survey.
Bimanual teleoperation with heart motion compensation on the da Vinci® Research Kit - Implementation and preliminary experiments.
Fast Compression of Large Semantic Web Data Using X10.
Understanding node-link and matrix visualizations of networks - A large-scale online experiment.
On the effect of interference on Wi-Fi-based Wireless Networked Control Systems.
Non-Wire Alternatives to Capacity Expansion.
Conventional and neuro-fuzzy framework for diagnosis and therapy of cardiovascular disease.
Fast CNN-Based Object Tracking Using Localization Layers and Deep Features Interpolation.
Magneto-quantum oscillations of the Korringa relaxation rate of manganese ion near a two-dimensional electron gas.
s using formulation space search.
Robust and Skew-resistant Parallel Joins in Shared-Nothing Systems.
Multi-targeted potential of Pittosporum senacia Putt. - HPLC-ESI-MSn analysis, in silico docking, DNA protection, antimicrobial, enzyme inhibition, anti-cancer and apoptotic activity.
Mitigation of pulse-width-modulation distortion using a digital predistorter based on memory polynomials.
The Ethics of Doing Web Science Research - Panel Abstract.
Modeling the short-term dynamics of packet losses.
The sky is not the limit - multitasking across GitHub projects.
An Exploratory-Comparative Study of Implementation Success Factors for MSS/DMSS and MIS.
UW-Scat - A Ground-Based Dual-Frequency Scatterometer for Observation of Snow Properties.
Enterprise ontologies - Review and an activity theory approach.
Adaptive Random Forests with Resampling for Imbalanced data Streams.
PerDiS - a scalable resource discovery service for the ISAM pervasive environment.
Design of Flexible and Open Learning Management Systems using IMS Specifications. The Game·Tel Experience.
Disjunctive programming - To - E. Balas in - P.L. Hammer, E.L. Johnson and B.H. Korete, eds., Discrete Optimization II, Ann. Discrete Math 5 (North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1979) 3-51.
Scientific discourse of citizen scientists - Models as a boundary object for collaborative problem solving.
An experimental comparison of fuzzy logic and analytic hierarchy process for medical decision support systems.
High-Performance Numerical Optimization on Multicore Clusters.
 Objectives in E-Procurement Auction and Negotiation Experiments.
Exploiting the structure via sketched gradient algorithms.
Quantifying the shifts in physicochemical property space introduced by the metabolism of small organic molecules.
High-resolution fMRI detects neuromodulation of individual brainstem nuclei by electrical tongue stimulation in balance-impaired individuals.
Performability Evaluation of a Cloud-Based Disaster Recovery Solution for IT Environments.
Serpentine - A Self-Powered Reversibly Deformable Cord Sensor for Human Input.
A meta-learning based framework for building algorithm recommenders - An application for educational arena.
Value-Chain Wide Food Waste Management - A Systematic Literature Review.
High Frequency Transformer Based Improved Gamma ZSI with Lossless Snubber.
A Restful Approach for Managing Citizen profiles Using A Semantic Support
How to Support Group Decision Making in Horticulture - An Approach Based on the Combination of a Centralized Mathematical Model and a Group Decision Support System.
Comparing the diversity of information by word-of-mouth vs. web spread.
A Fuzzy Logic-Based Approach for Detecting Shifting Patterns in Cross-Cultural Data.
Factorized MultiClass Boosting.
ASTORIA - A framework for attack simulation and evaluation in smart grids.
alt{é}rit{é} en SIC.
The Use of Smartphones in Different Phases of Medical School and its Relationship to Internet Addiction and Learning Approaches.
One cycle controlled active harmonic filter.
On-board Bluetooth-based Relative Localization for Collision Avoidance in Micro Air Vehicle Swarms.
Texture based prelens tear film segmentation in interferometry images.
Exploring the Solution of Course Timetabling Problems through Heuristic Segmentation.
Editorial Especial - Adoptando Estándares y Especificaciones para Contenidos Educativos.
Impact of plug-in electric vehicles in unbalanced LV systems with photo-voltaic.
Crossing fibres in tract-based spatial statistics.
Towards a Novel Way to Predict Deficits After a Brain Lesion - A Stroke Example.
Using Incremental Consistency Management for Conformance Checking in Feature-Oriented Model-Driven Engineering.
A method for constructing teeth and maxillary bone parametric model from clinical CT scans.
s Feeling and Text-based Emotions - The Relationship between Subjective Self-reports, Lexical Ratings, and Sentiment.
Semantic Analysis for Crowded Scenes Based on Non-Parametric Tracklet Clustering.
Network Formation in the Presence of Contagious Risk.
Workshop on Tracking Quality of Experience in the Internet - Summary and Outcomes.
The Impact of Size and Inhomogeneity on Power Transmission Network Complex System Dynamics.
Learning Discriminative Representation with Signed Laplacian Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
A low-power and high-throughput implementation of the SHA-1 hash function.
Challenges of Autonomous Flight in Indoor Environments.
Cloud Virtual Network Embedding - Profit, Power and Acceptance.
Redundant reconfigurable Delta-type parallel robot.
Footprint-Driven Locomotion Composition.
Going to the dogs - towards an interactive touchscreen interface for working dogs.
Toward a Network-Based Approach to Modeling Epistatic Interactions in Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Security Checkers - Detecting processor malicious inclusions at runtime.
Path finding approaches and metabolic pathways.
Converter outage fault ride-through control strategy for offshore MT-HVDC network.
Matrix-Free Polynomial-Based Nonlinear Least Squares Optimized Preconditioning and Its Application to Discontinuous Galerkin Discretizations of the Euler Equations.
Information optimization of distributed net of receivers of acoustic noise type signals.
Towards Location Approximation of Typhoon Related Discourse - On Region Definition and Temporal Segmentation.
Using Data Mining Techniques to Forecast the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) in Table Grape.
Efficient time discretization scheme for nonlinear space fractional reaction-diffusion equations.
Systematic Mapping of Architectures for Telemedicine Systems.
A Tailoring Algorithm to Optimize Behavior Change.
.
Uniqueness of codes using semidefinite programming.
Being right is its own reward - Load and performance related ventral striatum activation to correct responses during a working memory task in youth.
Novel multi-epitope protein containing conserved epitopes from different Leishmania species as potential vaccine candidate - Integrated immunoinformatics and molecular dynamics approach.
Credit allocation based on journal impact factor and coauthorship contribution.
Maximization of Profit for a Problem of Location and Routing, with Price-sensitive Demands.
POSTER - Finding Vulnerabilities in P4 Programs with Assertion-based Verification.
Dynamic credit investment in partially observed markets.
On odd graceful graphs.
Organisational influences on e-commerce adoption in a developing country context using UTAUT.
Understanding packet loss for sound monitoring in a smart stadium IoT testbed.
Impact of object extraction methods on classification performance in surface inspection systems.
Binary Opinion Dynamics with Stubborn Agents.
Director of Photography and Music Director for Interactive Storytelling.
Advances in diffusion MRI acquisition and processing in the Human Connectome Project.
Evaluation of ischemic stroke hybrid segmentation in a rat model of temporary middle cerebral artery occlusion using ground truth from histologic and MR data.
A finite field method for calculating molecular polarizability tensors for arbitrary multipole rank.
Qualitative Stability of Nonlinear Networked Systems.
Analysis of queueing networks with batch movements of customers and control of flows among clusters.
Choquet Integral with Interval Type 2 Sugeno Measures as an Integration Method for Modular Neural Networks.
CdTe Quantum Dots Modified with Cysteamine - A New Efficient Nanosensor for the Determination of Folic Acid.
Xorshift1024*, xorshift1024+, xorshift128+ and xoroshiro128+ fail statistical tests for linearity.
Performance Study of the Robust Bayesian Regularization Technique for Remote Sensing Imaging in Geophysical Applications.
Student information system satisfaction in higher education - the role of visual aesthetics.
Multi-scaled Spatial Analytics on Discovering Latent Social Events for Smart Urban Services.
Open API standardization for the NGN platform.
CHASE - character animation scripting environment.
Cover tree compressed sensing for fast mr fingerprint recovery.
Irrationality in Persuasive Argumentation.
A review of automatic mass detection and segmentation in mammographic images.
Robust error-feedback arbitrary references tracking for discrete-time linear perturbed systems.
High-throughput detection of prostate cancer in histological sections using probabilistic pairwise Markov models.
Towards fixing inconsistencies in models with variability.
A New Route Selection Approach Using Scaling Techniques - An Application to Hierarchical QoS-Based Routing.
m method for the numerical solution of initial-value problems with oscillating solutions.
Extended-horizon analysis of pressure sensitivities for leak detection in water distribution networks - Application to the Barcelona network.
s trajectory in stealth human-robot team operations.
Overview of the CLEF 2009 Medical Image Retrieval Track.
Overview of the CLEF 2009 Medical Image Retrieval Track.
Supporting management interaction and composition of self-managed cells.
Mass-Spring Simulation of Deformation in Elastic Sheet Structures.
Distributed Network of LDO Microregulators Providing Submicrosecond DVFS and IR Drop Compensation for a 24-Core Microprocessor in 14nm SOI CMOS.
Trimodal Waveguide Demonstration and Its Implementation as a High Order Mode Interferometer for Sensing Application.
Analytical and Semi-Analytical Treatment of the Satellite Motion in a Resisting Medium.
Computing Scalable Multivariate Glocal Invariants of Large (Brain-) Graphs.
Risk Assessment in Complex Interacting Infrastructure Systems.
Energy Efficient Virtual Machine Services Placement in Cloud-Fog Architecture.
Engineering Systems Multiple-Domain Matrix - An organizing framework for modeling large-scale complex systems.
A SPICE-Compatible Nonlinear CCII Macromodel.
 - elektronische Identitätsnachweise als Motor des E-Government, E-Commerce und des technikgestützten Identitätsmanagement?
SOM-Based Sparse Binary Encoding for AURA Classifier.
Context Aware E-Support in E-Maintenance.
Power control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications.
Models for Indicating the Period of Failure of Industrial Objects.
Learning what is above and what is below - horizon approach to monocular obstacle detection.
Gait characterization via pulse-Doppler radar.
Real-Time Scan-Line Segment Based Stereo Vision for the Estimation of Biologically Motivated Classifier Cells.
Instrumentation System for Location of Partial Discharges Using Acoustic Detection With Piezoelectric Transducers and Optical Fiber Sensors.
A Classifier-free Ensemble Selection Method based on Data Diversity in Random Subspaces.
Fuzzy-Based Clustering and Data Aggregation for Multimodal WSN (C-Damm).
An overview of downlink radio resource management for UTRAN long-term evolution.
Bag-of-Concepts Document Representation for Bayesian Text Classification.
Implementing Lean LaunchPad methodology into an engineering professional development course.
Demonstrations of post-disaster resilient communications and decision-support platform with UAVs, ground teams and vehicles using delay-tolerant information networks on sub-GHz frequencies.
Stability and control of tidal current energy with DFIG using PI controllers.
Wavelet-based variational deformable registration for ultrasound.
Agent-Based Modeling Approach in Understanding Behavior During Disasters - Measuring Response and Rescue in eBayanihan Disaster Management Platform.
Analysis and optimization of the MODIS leaf area index algorithm retrievals over broadleaf forests.
Tool usage within a globally distributed software development course and implications for teaching.
A low-voltage CMOS MIN circuit with 3N+1 complexity and 10mV/10ns corner error.
The THORN Large Scale Pilot Exercise.
A Case Study of Distributed Music Audio Analysis Using the Geddei Processing Framework.
A Simple Selective Mapping Algorithm for the Peak to Average Power Ratio in Space Time Block Coded MIMO-OFDM Systems.
Design of function-oriented microcontrollers on equipment of programmable logic integrated circuits for embedded systems.
Micro- and nano-link ultra-low power heaters for sensors.
Fluid Embeddable Coupled Coil Sensor for Wireless pH Monitoring in a Bioreactor.
A Bin Packing Heuristic for On-Line Service Placement and Performance Control.
Factors that Differentiate between Adopters and Non-adopters of E-Commerce - An Empirical Study of Small and Medium Sized Businesses.
Feedback-labelling synergies in judgmental stock price forecasting.
An Accelerated Method for Derivative-Free Smooth Stochastic Convex Optimization.
Anycaston the Move - A Look at Mobile Anycast Performance.
Characterising gate dielectrics in high mobility devices using novel nanoscale techniques.
Evolving plastic neural networks with novelty search.
Embodied artificial evolution - the future of artificial evolutionary systems.
Intelligent Management of Brain Markers for Early Prognosis of the Spatiotemporal Growth of Gliomas.
The VLSI implementation of a baseband receiver for DECT-based portable applications.
A quorum sensing inspired algorithm for dynamic clustering.
The Ethics of Large-Scale Genomic Research.
Technology and adherence in web-based interventions for weight control - a systematic review.
Analysis of Mammographic Microcalcification Clusters Using Topological Features.
Performance evaluation of dynamic probabilistic broadcasting for flooding in mobile ad hoc networks.
From randomness to order - unperturbed Schelling segregation in two or three dimensions.
Market neutral portfolios.
Cognitive computation - A Bayesian machine case study.
Minority population in the one-dimensional Schelling model of segregation.
Real-time Action Recognition with Dissimilarity-based Training of Specialized Module Networks.
Regional Cultural Differences in How Students Customize Their Avatars in Technology-Enhanced Learning.
Towards the STEM knowledge homogenization of pre-university students in 21st century - MOOC - The Language for Engineering.
A novel approach for face recognition using fused GMDH-based networks.
A 3D Resolution Measure for Optical Microscopy.
An improved framework for confound regression and filtering for control of motion artifact in the preprocessing of resting-state functional connectivity data.
Evaluation of effects of jpeg2000 compression on a computer-aided detection system for prostate cancer on digitized histopathology.
E-Mail Compliance fordert E-Mail Richtlinie - Der Umgang mit E-Mails zwischen Datensicherheit und Datenschutz.
Static power converter synchronization and control under varying frequency conditions.
A Simple, Efficient, and Scalable Behavior-Based Architecture for Robotic Applications.
Facial Expression Representation Learning by Synthesizing Expression Images.
Fast Simultaneous Orthogonal Reduction to Triangular Matrices.
Using Personalized Finger Gestures for Navigating Virtual Characters.
Sparse Conjoint Analysis Through Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
Hacia una Arquitectura para Sistemas de e-learning Basada en PoEML.
Data Transmission Strategies for Event Reporting and Continuous Monitoring Applications in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Team behavior analysis in sports using the Poisson equation.
Which test to perform? Modeling utility of medical tests - information gain, patient risk and financial costs.
Multiresonance and Enhanced Synchronization in stochastically Coupled Ratchets.
Assessing the Maturity of SDN Controllers With Software Reliability Growth Models.
Experience with model-based performance, reliability, and adaptability assessment of a complex industrial architecture.
Identification of intestinal pacemaker frequency through time-frequency ridge analysis of surface EEnG.
Multilinear spectral unmixing of hyperspectral multiangle images.
Enhancing collaborative learning in Web 2.0-based e-learning systems - A design framework for building collaborative e-learning contents.
A Novel Image Enhancement Methodology for Full Field Digital Mammography.
How to prove it in Natural Deduction - A Tactical Approach.
Proposal of a generic model of sales prediction - A Java application based on data extracted from SAP-ERP / Propuesta de un modelo genérico de predicción de ventas - Una aplicación Java basada en datos extraídos de SAP-ERP.
A Revisit on Correlation between Tabár and Birads Based Risk Assessment Schemes with Full Field Digital Mammography.
A Study on Mammographic Image Modelling and Classification Using Multiple Databases.
Effects of Self-Avatar and Gaze on Avoidance Movement Behavior.
Formative accompaniment service in e-learning - integration between LMS and PLE (Serviço de acompanhamento formativo no e-learning - integração entre LMS e PLE).
Capital Usuario - validación del constructo en un contexto Latinoamericano.
Open Source-Style Collaborative Development Practices in Commercial Projects Using GitHub.
NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive mission status and science performance.
A Field Study of Modellers at Work.
Predicting stimulus-locked single unit spiking from cortical local field potentials.
Stakeholders in Global Requirements Engineering - Lessons Learned from Practice.
Sample-distortion functions for compressed sensing.
Jean Carteron.
Performance Analysis of Random Access Strategies for Short Message Exchange in VANETs - A Social Approach.
Comparison of List-Mode and DIRECT Approaches for Time-of-Flight PET Reconstruction.
Fast non-negative orthogonal least squares.
Proceedings of the 2017 Workshop on QoE-based Analysis and Management of Data Communication Networks, Internet-QoE@SIGCOMM 2017, Los Angeles, CA, USA, August 21, 2017
Advanced image formation and processing of partial synthetic aperture radar data.
Synthesis of frequency generator via spiking neurons network - A genetic algorithm approach.
Near-deBruijn Cycles - 11336 [2008, 71].
A Longitudinal Study of Pressure Sensing to Infer Real-World Water Usage Events in the Home.
Software Services for e-Business and e-Society, 9th IFIP WG 6.1 Conference on e-Business, e-Services and e-Society, I3E 2009, Nancy, France, September 23-25, 2009. Proceedings
All-optical XNOR gate using quantum-dot semiconductor optical amplifier-based Mach-Zehnder interferometer.
LMS beamforming for OFDM system in wavelet domain.
List decoding of repeated codes.
Relational Methodology for Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery.
Classification of EEG Single Trial Microstates Using Local Global Graphs and Discrete Hidden Markov Models.
Grand Challenges for Evolutionary Robotics.
Reducing the Hausdorff Distance in Medical Image Segmentation with Convolutional Neural Networks.
An Empirical Study of the Impact of Asynchronous Discussions on Remote Synchronous Requirements Meetings.
Towards The E-Society - E-Commerce, E-Business, and E-Government, The First IFIP Conference on E-Commerce, E-Business, E-Government (I3E 2001), October 3-5, Zürich, Switzerland
DICOM data migration for PACS transition - procedure and pitfalls.
Human factors in software development - On its underlying theories and the value of learning from related disciplines. A guest editorial introduction to the special issue.
Behind the Curtain - Cellular DNS and Content Replica Selection.
Stumping e-rater - challenging the validity of automated essay scoring.
Inter-Domain Traffic Estimation for the Outsider.
Web Service Security Policy Matching Based on Semantics.
An OCR Free Method for Word Spotting in Printed Documents - the Evaluation of Different Feature Sets.
The Ethics of Machine-Based Learning - Advancing without Losing Humanity.
Autonomous drone race - A computationally efficient vision-based navigation and control strategy.
Counterexamples to conjectures about Subset Takeaway and counting linear extensions of a Boolean lattice.
s MIRC on a Raspberry Pi - a cost-effective solution for teaching files in radiology.
Embracing Interdisciplinarity - A Commemoration of the Work of Dr. Samantha Adams.
Real-time Deep Neural Networks for internet-enabled arc-fault detection.
Modeling and simulation grand challenges - An OR/MS perspective.
Simulation of the January 2014 polar vortex and its impacts on interdependent electric-natural gas infrastructure.
Pinched hysteresis with inverse-memristor frequency characteristics in some nonlinear circuit elements.
COSMIC - the Catalogue Of Somatic Mutations In Cancer.
Adaptive OFDM system with limited feedback using truncated channel impulse response.
Self-Managed Cell - A Middleware for Managing Body-Sensor Networks.
Chinese Named Entity Recognition with Character-Word Mixed Embedding.
An End-to-end System for Automatic Characterization of Iba1 Immunopositive Microglia in Whole Slide Imaging.
Saliency Weighted Convolutional Features for Instance Search.
Higher order sliding mode and adaptive backstepping controllers for a full-car model with active suspension.
Robust digital watermarking based on local invariant radial harmonic fourier moments.
.
AI approaches for cutting tool diagnosis in machining processes.
A Mathematical Justification for Exponentially Distributed NLOS Bias.
Reliability of aluminum-bearing ohmic contacts to SiC under high current density.
An open-source data manager for network models.
Aberrant Whole-Brain Transitions and Dynamics of Spontaneous Network Microstates in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
A Modified Runge-Kutta Method with Phase-lag of Order Infinity for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation and Related Problems.
Preface.
Dissipative Exponentially-fitted Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
The bi-objective mixed capacitated general routing problem with different route balance criteria.
New Insights in the Development of Numerov-type Methods with Minimal Phase-lag for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
A deep learning-based method for prostate segmentation in T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging.
Computational Properties of Resolution-based Grounded Semantics.
Interpreting Face Images by Fitting a Fast Illumination-Based 3D Active Appearance Model.
The interplay of online shopping motivations and experiential factors on personalized e-commerce - A complexity theory approach.
Reporting an Experience on Design and Implementation of e-Health Systems on Azure Cloud.
Reef-Scale Thermal Stress Monitoring of Coral Ecosystems - New 5-km Global Products from NOAA Coral Reef Watch.
Ortus - An emotion-driven approach to (artificial) biological intelligence.
Neutron Imaging at LANSCE - From Cold to Ultrafast.
Calculating Cumulative Operational Time Distributions of Rpairable Computer Systems.
Network-Wide Adaptive Burst Detection Depicts Neuronal Activity with Improved Accuracy.
Real-Time Visualization of Disaster Behavior.
Detecting Inconsistencies in Multi-View Models with Variability.
Gênero e inclusão digital - uso e apropriação das TICs pelos usuários do programa federal GESAC.
A Clustering Approximation Technique for Queueing Network Models with a Large Number of Chains.
Hierarchical Kronecker tensor-product approximations.
An algorithm to enumerate all possible protein conformations verifying a set of distance constraints.
Cardio-vascular safety beyond hERG - in silico modelling of a guinea pig right atrium assay.
Control systems engineering for understanding and optimizing smoking cessation interventions.
Coping with Variability in Model-Based Systems Engineering - An Experience in Green Energy.
Exploring EEG for Object Detection and Retrieval.
Team and Organizational Identification among Information Systems Personnel - An Exploratory Investigation of Post IT Outsourcing Personnel Impacts.
Data Mining for Financial Applications.
A numerical differentiation library exploiting parallel architectures.
s success.
E-Mails im Rechtsverkehr - keine Lappalie.
Parallel Fast Transform-Based Preconditioners for Large-Scale Power Grid Analysis on Graphics Processing Units (GPUs).
Random graphs containing arbitrary distributions of subgraphs
Heat transport and entropy optimization in flow of magneto-Williamson nanomaterial with Arrhenius activation energy.
Cognitive Radio Network and Network Service Chaining toward 5G - Challenges and Requirements.
Data model, dictionaries, and desiderata for biomolecular simulation data indexing and sharing.
Quadratic-Nonlinearity Index Based on Bicoherence and its Application in Condition Monitoring of Drive-Train Components.
Barriers to Community-Based Computing in the Philippines.
Multi-modal Opponent Behaviour Prognosis in E-Negotiations.
Towards an Ability to Direct College Students to an Appropriately Paced Introductory Computer Science Course.
Federated Access Management for Collaborative Network Environments - Framework and Case Study.
Proposed relay selection scheme for physical layer security in Cognitive Radio networks.
An Analysis of a Distributed GPU Implementation of Proton Computed Tomographic (pCT) Reconstruction.
Validating UI through UX in the Context of a Mobile - Web Crowdsourcing Disaster Management Application.
Interfacing a microcomputer with the varian E-line series EPR spectrometer.
Underconnected, But Not Broken? Dynamic Functional Connectivity MRI Shows Underconnectivity in Autism Is Linked to Increased Intra-Individual Variability Across Time.
Biocomputing 2018 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, The Big Island of Hawaii, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2018
An algorithm for distributed on-line, on-board evolutionary robotics.
Finding Longest Paths in Hypercubes - 11 New Lower Bounds for Snakes, Coils, and Symmetrical Coils.
The State of E-Compliance Among U.S. Retailers.
Registration of 3D Ultrasound Through an Air-Tissue Boundary.
Assessing the Effectiveness of Teaching Anatomy with Virtual Reality.
Applications of proteochemometrics - from species extrapolation to cell line sensitivity modelling.
Improving Large-Scale Assessment Tests by Ontology Based Approach.
Sensor information monotonicity in disambiguation protocols.
Neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging reveals white matter and hippocampal microstructure changes produced by Interleukin-6 in the TgCRND8 mouse model of amyloidosis.
Handcrafted features with convolutional neural networks for detection of tumor cells in histology images.
Design of a web-based thesaurus for Systems of Systems Engineering.
Denoising and recognition using hidden Markov models with observation distributions modeled by hidden Markov trees.
Fast spectroscopic multiple analysis (FASMA) for brain tumor classification - a clinical decision support system utilizing multi-parametric 3T MR data.
Chaotic interleaving scheme for single- and multi-carrier modulation techniques implementing continuous phase modulation.
Supporting Program Comprehension in Agile with Links to User Stories.
Stabilising control strategy for cyber-physical power systems.
Recovering 3D Shape and Albedo from a Face Image under Arbitrary Lighting and Pose by Using a 3D Illumination-Based AAM Model.
A semantically integrated, user-friendly data model for species observation data.
Capitalizing on SDN-based SCADA systems - An anti-eavesdropping case-study.
Investigation of physical aspects of cubic autocatalytic chemically reactive flow of second grade nanomaterial with entropy optimization.
Optimal robot motions for physical criteria.
Formalisation and mapping of terminologies for Systems of Systems Engineering thesaurus.
Trainee reactions and task performance - a study of open training in object-oriented systems development.
Novel Hardware Implementation of the Cipher Message Authentication Code.
Goal Recognition with Noisy Observations.
 Job Stress - A Mixed-Methods Case Study.
Assessment of registration accuracy during computer-aided oncologic limb-salvage surgery.
A Conceptual Vision Toward the Management of Machine Learning Models.
Risk Metrics for Dynamic Complex Infrastructure Systems Such as the Power Transmission Grid.
Challenges and Opportunities for Extracting Cardiovascular Risk Biomarkers from Imaging Data.
On Ensemble SSL Algorithms for Credit Scoring Problem.
Analysis of Lamarckian evolution in morphologically evolving robots.
What Phishing E-mails Reveal - An Exploratory Analysis of Phishing Attempts Using Text Analysis.
Generalized multistable structure via chaotic synchronization and preservation of scrolls.
An Ensemble SSL Algorithm for Efficient Chest X-Ray Image Classification.
 Narratives Using Deep Learning.
Can social learning increase learning speed, performance or both?
A comparative evaluation of interactive segmentation algorithms.
ANSwer - Combining NFV and SDN features for network resilience strategies.
Need, Want, Can Afford - Broadband Markets and the Behavior of Users.
A review of channel selection algorithms for EEG signal processing.
PhD forum - Investigating the performance of a multi-modal approach to unusual event detection.
A Path Selection Criterion for Advance Resource Reservation.
A stochastic analysis of distance estimation approaches in single molecule microscopy - quantifying the resolution limits of photon-limited imaging systems.
On Variable-step Methods for the Numerical Solution of Schrödinger Equation and Related Problems.
Improvements for the applicability of power-watermarking to embedded IP cores protection - e-coreIPP.
Compressible Distributions for High-dimensional Statistics.
Vessel routing and scheduling under uncertainty in the liquefied natural gas business.
How do coalitions get built? Evidence from an extensive form coalition game with and without communication.
Adaptive memetic particle swarm optimization with variable local search pool size.
Using Linguistics to Mine Unstructured Data from FASB Exposure Drafts.
Robust and Scalable String Pattern Matching for Deep Packet Inspection on Multicore Processors.
A 180mW 56Gb/s DSP-Based Transceiver for High Density IOs in Data Center Switches in 7nm FinFET Technology.
Scalable RDF Data Compression using X10.
Novel Heavy-Traffic Regimes for Large-Scale Service Systems.
Topology and prediction of RNA pseudoknots.
SeqAnt - Cloud-Based Whole-Genome Annotation and Search.
Justification of the log-KdV Equation in Granular Chains - The Case of Precompression.
On blind mice and the elephant - understanding the network impact of a large distributed system.
 Voice and Process Reengineering Using a Cloud-Based Mobile App.
Computing scalable multivariate glocal invariants of large (brain-) graphs.
Evolving art with scalable vector graphics.
System of systems architecture feasibility analysis to support tradespace exploration.
Load aggregation from generation-follows-load to load-follows-generation.
Towards a Systems of Systems Engineering EU Strategic Research Agenda.
Abductive Learning Ensembles for Hand Shape Identification.
Rapid Application Development of Ebayanihan Patroller - A Crowdsourcing SMS Service and Web Visualization Disaster Reporting System.
Chaotic, informational and synchronous behaviour of multiplex networks.
Grid Resource Allocation with Genetic Algorithm Using Population Based on Multisets.
A Bloom Filter-Based Algorithm for Routing in Intermittently Connected Mobile Networks.
Racing to improve on-line, on-board evolutionary robotics.
A Survey of Particle Swarm Optimization Applications in Electric Power Systems.
Automated Order-picking Workstation Handling Out-of-sequence Product Arrivals.
A Maturity Model of Software Product Quality.
Image watermarking via separable moments.
Detection of Mixed Infection from Bacterial Whole Genome Sequence Data Allows Assessment of Its Role in Clostridium difficile Transmission.
Proceedings of the 2016 workshop on QoE-based Analysis and Management of Data Communication Networks, Internet-QoE@SIGCOMM 2016, Florianopolis, Brazil, August 22-26, 2016
Policy-based dynamic service chaining in Network Functions Virtualization.
HCI and Health - Learning from Interdisciplinary Interactions.
s Connectivity.
On the Use of Laser Scans to Validate Reverse Engineering of Bony Anatomy.
Adaptive Per-spatial Stream Power Allocation Algorithms for Single-User MIMO-OFDM Systems.
An Interpretable Machine Vision Approach to Human Activity Recognition using Photoplethysmograph Sensor Data.
A Study into Annotation Ranking Metrics in Community Contributed Image Corpora.
Ontology-based optimisation of knowledge management in e-Construction.
3D Modeling and Analysis of the Space-Time Correlation for 5G Millimeter Wave MIMO Channels.
Adaptively Controlled Cooperative Spectrum Sensing Using OR Fusion Rule for Throughput Maximization in Cognitive Radio.
A Network Service for Preventing Data Leakage from IoT Cloud-assisted Equipment.
A New Method to Enhance SC-FDMA Communication with Channel Estimation Errors.
Multiprogramming STRETCH - Feasibility Considerations.
Enforcement of Dynamic Sector Division for Massive MIMO Using Code Fed Antenna Arrays.
Conceptual framework for e-Maintenance - Illustration by e-Maintenance technologies and platforms.
A Programmable Calibration/BIST Engine for RF and Analog Blocks in SoCs Integrated in a 32 nm CMOS WiFi Transceiver.
Optimisation of sludge treatment and transport.
A CAD System for the Early Detection of Lung Nodules Using Computed Tomography Scan Images.
Computer-assisted hip resurfacing planning using Lie group shape models.
Incorporating the whole-mount prostate histology reconstruction program Histostitcher into the extensible imaging platform (XIP) framework.
Energy-efficient histogram on FPGA.
Improved tractography using asymmetric fibre orientation distributions.
Inferring rare disease risk variants based on exact probabilities of sharing by multiple affected relatives.
Learning Stabilizable Nonlinear Dynamics with Contraction-Based Regularization.
Analysing online purchase intention in Spain - fashion e-commerce.
Dasu - ISP characterization from the edge - a BitTorrent implementation.
DReAM - a distributed result-aware monitor for Network Functions Virtualization.
Information behavior.
Sm/Lsm Genes Provide a Glimpse into the Early Evolution of the Spliceosome.
Spiking Neural Networks for Inference and Learning - A Memristor-based Design Perspective.
Handwritten zip code recognition with multilayer networks.
Electromagnetic tracking in surgical and interventional environments - usability study.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks and mitigation - A survey.
Subfield-Subcodes of Generalized Toric codes
Experiments with cognitive radar.
Applications of heterogeneous computing in computational and simulation science.
Needle detection in ultrasound using the spectral properties of the displacement field - a feasibility study.
A framework for realistic 3D tele-immersion.
A Learning Model of Information Technology Outsourcing - Normative Implications.
s assistant - designing integrated learning tools to scaffold ultrasound practice.
Robust Transmission of H.264/AVC Video Using 64-QAM and Unequal Error Protection.
The influence of osteophyte depiction in CT for patient-specific guided hip resurfacing procedures.
E-Commerce Adoption - Perceptions of Managers/Owners of Small and Medium Sized Firms in Chile.
A generic framework for the elicitation of stable and reliable gene expression signatures.
Noise Characteristics of 3-D and 2-D PET Images.
Diagram techniques for multiple view geometry.
A MOPSO Algorithm Based Exclusively on Pareto Dominance Concepts.
Decoupling Direction and Norm for Efficient Gradient-Based L2 Adversarial Attacks and Defenses.
Influence of Pruning Devices on the Solution of Molecular Distance Geometry Problems.
Deconvolving Convolutional Neural Network for Cell Detection.
AMITIES - avatar-mediated interactive training and individualized experience system.
Improving the form factor of a wrist-based mobile gesture interface.
Constrained and Unconstrained Hardware-Software Partitioning using Particle Swarm Optimization Technique.
Improving the language ability of deaf signing children through an interactive American sign language-based video game.
Initial application of ant colony optimisation to statistical disclosure control.
High order closed Newton-Cotes trigonometrically-fitted formulae for the numerical solution of the Schrödinger equation.
Improving deep neural networks for LVCSR using rectified linear units and dropout.
Cognitive Processing of Visually Presented Data in Decision Making.
Identification of significant metabolic markers from MRSI data for brain cancer classification.
Preface.
Processing of Synthetic Aperture Radar Data Using Frequency Modulated Signals.
A Comparative Study of Bug Algorithms for Robot Navigation.
The IceProd Framework - Distributed Data Processing for the IceCube Neutrino Observatory.
Image registration of follow-up examinations in digital dermoscopy.
A systematic approach to classify design-time global scheduling techniques.
Impact of heterogeneity and socioeconomic factors on individual behavior in decentralized sharing ecosystems.
A hidden type of internet addiction? Intense and addictive use of social networking sites in adolescents.
Effect of Varying the Intra-Frame Packet Burstiness on the Performance of Wireless Video Streaming.
Event-based GPC for multivariable processes.
Heterogeneous download times in a homogeneous BitTorrent swarm
Fusion of stereo and still monocular depth estimates in a self-supervised learning context.
Algorithm 573 - NL2SOL - An Adaptive Nonlinear Least-Squares Algorithm [E4].
A Tablet Computer-Assisted Motor and Language Skills Training Program to Promote Communication Development in Children with Autism - Development and Pilot Study.
A communication system from EV to EV Service Provider based on OCPP over a wireless network.
An Adaptive Nonlinear Least-Squares Algorithm.
Leaks Detection in a Pipeline Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Everyone Counts - Voting Accessibility.
Radial basis function partition of unity method for modelling water flow in porous media.
Real-Time Descriptorless Feature Tracking.
Advanced mechanisms for supporting eGovernment services in the context of social networks. A semantic approach.
Phase and phase-difference ionospheric radio tomography.
Tensions in specifying computing curricula for K-12 - Towards a principled approach for objectives.
s disease.
Investigations of the ionosphere by satellite radiotomography.
Integration of Fault Detection and Diagnosis in a Probabilistic Logic Framework.
Aspirational pursuit of mates in online dating markets.
Computing confidence intervals for output-oriented DEA models - an application to agricultural research in Brazil.
Invariant Distribution of Promoter Activities in Escherichia coli.
An Evaluation of the Impact of E-Learning Media Formats on Student Perception and Performance.
Canadian Experiment for Soil Moisture in 2010 (CanEx-SM10) - Overview and Preliminary Results.
From Machine-to-Machine to the Internet of Things - Introduction to a New Age of Intelligence.
Synchronization coupling investigation using ICA cluster analysis in resting MEG signals in reading difficulties.
Modeling with a Conceptual Representation - Is It Necessary? Does It Work?
Revealing determinant factors for early breast cancer recurrence by decision tree.
Factor neutral portfolios.
Using Data From the Web to Predict Public Transport Arrivals Under Special Events Scenarios.
Design and Evaluation of a Touch-Centered Calming Interaction with a Social Robot.
On the Rational Recursive Sequence xn+1=(α-βxn)/(γ-δxn-xn-k).
Federated Campus Cloud Colombian Initiative.
Rethinking Shortest Path - An Energy Expenditure Approach.
On solving the (3+1)-dimensional NLEQZK equation and the (3+1)-dimensional NLmZK equation using the extended simplest equation method.
Using Multitask Learning to Improve 12-Lead Electrocardiogram Classification.
Adaptive fuzzy decentralized control for interconnected MIMO nonlinear subsystems.
An efficient resource allocation scheme for VoD services over window-based P2P networks.
Chat to succeed.
Using heaps-of-pieces in synthesis of time optimal supervisors.
Emergence of Distinct Spatial Patterns in Cellular Automata with Inertia - A Phase Transition-Like Behavior.
Parallel construction of SLR (1) and LALR (1) parsers.
Russian-American tomography experiment.
Evaluation of Tradeoffs in Resource Management Techniques for Multimedia Storage Servers.
Preface.
Improved graph cut segmentation by learning a contrast model on the fly.
A trigonometrically-fitted method for long-time integration of orbital problems.
Survivability analysis of power distribution in smart grids with active and reactive power modeling.
The mouse Gene Expression Database (GXD) - 2019 update.
A New Evaluation Framework and Image Dataset for Keypoint Extraction and Feature Descriptor Matching.
Designing and Developing Interactive Narratives for Collaborative Problem-Based Learning.
Sleep and activity monitoring for Returning Soldier Adjustment Assessment.
Low-power smart sensing in energy and water systems integration.
Iterative Methods for Linear Systems - Theory and Applications.
Estimation of aboveground carbon stocks in Eucalyptus plantations using LIDAR.
A Chaotic Interleaving Scheme for the Continuous Phase Modulation Based Single-Carrier Frequency-Domain Equalization System.
A Development of a Low-Cost 12-Lead Electrocardiogram Monitoring Device Using Android-based Smartphone.
User-centric image segmentation using an interactive parameter adaptation tool.
Dimensionality reduction on multi-dimensional transfer functions for multi-channel volume data sets.
Cortical Representations Sensitive to the Number of Perceived Auditory Objects Emerge between 2 and 4 Months of Age - Electrophysiological Evidence.
Registration Stability of Physical Templates in Hip Surgery.
Guest Editorial Special Issue on Data-Driven Computational Intelligence for e-Governance, Socio-Political, and Economic Systems.
A Steinberg-Like Approach to Describing Faces in 3-Polytopes.
Testing Exponentiality Against UBAC Using Kernel Methods.
Probabilistic Dynamic Logic of Phenomena and Cognition
Technology and Software for Calculating Correct Normalization of Correlation Functions.
Random Matrix Theory and Covariance Matrix Filtering for Cancer Gene Expression.
Adaptation of the method of musical composition for solving the multiple sequence alignment problem.
The Zebrafish Information Network - new support for non-coding genes, richer Gene Ontology annotations and the Alliance of Genome Resources.
RegulonDB v 10.5 - tackling challenges to unify classic and high throughput knowledge of gene regulation in E. coli K-12.
Adaptive Impedance Control of Robot Manipulators with Parametric Uncertainty for Constrained Path-Tracking.
Selecting Empirical Methods for Software Engineering Research.
ReWeb3D - enabling desktop 3D applications to run in the web.
Asymmetric information diffusion via gossiping on static and dynamic networks.
Analysis and correction of field fluctuations in fMRI data using field monitoring.
Fixing Comma Splices in Italian with BERT.
Using Contemporary e-Learning Tools to Teach Staff How to Use New Online Documentation Systems.
How Do Metabolites Differ from Their Parent Molecules and How Are They Excreted?
Series Current Flow Controllers for DC Grids.
Non-Contact Sensor for Long-Term Continuous Vital Signs Monitoring - A Review on Intelligent Phased-Array Doppler Sensor Design.
Pilot Study for Telepresence with 3D-Model in Mixed Reality.
Callaghan neighborhoods.
Iterative across-time solution of linear differential equations - Krylov subspace versus waveform relaxation.
The EMPATHIC project - mid-term achievements.
Toward Robot-Assisted Photoacoustic Imaging - Implementation Using the da Vinci Research Kit and Virtual Fixtures.
Appropriating conceptual representations - a case of transfer in a middle school science teacher.
Distance Education Programs - The Technical Support to Be Successful.
NDVI Point Cloud Generator Tool Using Low-Cost RGB-D Sensor.
Computer-aided diagnostics of screening mammography using content-based image retrieval.
Automatic clustering and population analysis of white matter tracts using maximum density paths.
A power quality monitor system for quantifying the effects of photovoltaic penetration on the grid.
Segmentation and Classification of Triple Negative Breast Cancers Using DCE-MRI.
IPv6 Guidance for Internet Content Providers and Application Service Providers.
Using Traceability for Incremental Construction and Evolution of Software Product Portfolios.
A Goodness of Fit Approach to the Class of Life Distributions with Unknown Age.
A RFLP associated with the low-density lipoprotein receptor gene (LDLR).
Optimization of low temperature silicon nitride processes for improvement of device performance.
A Synergy Coalition Group based Dynamic Programming Algorithm for Coalition Formation.
Triz and axiomatic design - a review of case-studies and a proposed synergistic use.
A neural network seismic detector.
Maneuverability in Dynamic Vertical Climbing.
A Hybrid Model Predictive Control strategy for optimizing a smoking cessation intervention.
An IoT-based cognitive monitoring system for early plant disease forecast.
Linear compression for spatially-varying BRDFs.
Design and construction of a prototype system for gait analysis for research in subjects with balance problems.
Effects of Alternative Outcome Scenarios and Structured Outcome Evaluation on Case-Based Ethics Instruction.
An EMG-driven model of the upper extremity and estimation of long head biceps force.
Towards a Richer Debate on Tissue Engineering - A Consideration on the Basis of NEST-Ethics.
Daily Activity Monitoring for Prevention of Pressure Ulcers in Long-Term Wheelchair Users.
A robotic ecosystem with evolvable minds and bodies.
A generalized family of memristor-based voltage controlled relaxation oscillator.
Optimized cubic chebyshev interpolator for elementary function hardware implementations.
Spatial fairness in linear random-access networks.
.
Multimodal, Multi-user and Adaptive Interaction for Interactive Storytelling Applications.
Extraction noise transport time (τ) and its impact over the four noise parameters of advanced SiGe HBT.
Common runtime support for high-performance parallel languages.
Not so bad after all? The role of explanation features in blame mitigation.
The Inverted Muscle Skeleton Approach - Moving Beyond Rigid Exoskeletons.
Spatial and temporal pattern of forest regeneration in areas deforested in the Eastern Amazon.
Robust binary least squares - Relaxations and algorithms.
Nonlinear fixed-time control protocol for uniform allocation of agents on a segment.
UAV imaging with low-cost multispectral imaging system for precision agriculture applications.
A Non-parametric Approach to Detect Epileptogenic Lesions using Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Role- and Relationship-based Identity Management for Privacy-enhanced E-learning.
An Industrial Case Study of the Impact of Requirements Engineering on Downstream Development.
Interdisciplinary perspectives on the development, integration, and application of cognitive ontologies.
Efficient Solutions for Image Interpolation Treated as an Inverse Problem.
Problem Statement for Renumbering IPv6 Hosts with Static Addresses in Enterprise Networks.
Source-informed segmentation - Towards capturing the dynamics of brain functional networks through EEG.
Proposal of a Method to Determine the Correlation between Total Suspended Solids and Dissolved Organic Matter in Water Bodies from Spectral Imaging and Artificial Neural Networks.
Weighing the evidence - Variance in brain responses to milkshake receipt is predictive of eating behavior.
Topographic representation based breast density segmentation for mammographic risk assessment.
Continuum of virtual-human space - towards improved interaction strategies for physical-virtual avatars.
IPv6 Enterprise Network Renumbering Scenarios, Considerations, and Methods.
TV White Spaces and Licensed Shared Access Applied to the Brazilian Context.
FE-simulations with a simplified model for open-cell porous materials - A Kelvin cell approach.
A Study of Requirements Negotiations in Virtual Project Teams.
Ready-set-transfer! Technology transfer in the requirements engineering domain.
Reducing Humidity Response of Gas Sensors for Medical Applications - Use of Spark Discharge Synthesis of Metal Oxide Nanoparticles.
Massively Parallel Reasoning under the Well-Founded Semantics Using X10.
Clinical communication preferences in an operating room suite - a proposed information-communication technology framework.
Evolving RBF predictive models to forecast the Portuguese electricity consumption.
Proficiency and Preference Using Local Language with a Teachable Agent.
Closed-Loop Lumped Parameter Modeling of Hemodynamics During Cirrhogenesis in Rats.
Pushing spatial and temporal resolution for functional and diffusion MRI in the Human Connectome Project.
Representing IPv6 Zone Identifiers in Address Literals and Uniform Resource Identifiers.
Target Classification by Constructing Fuzzy Automata System.
Resource Matching and e-Referral - Managing Transitions - POSTER SUBMISSION.
Resilience Strategies for Networked Malware Detection and Remediation.
Empirical Study and Modeling of Vehicular Communications at Intersections in the 5 GHz Band.
Friendship networks and social status
SocioScope - A framework for understanding Internet of Social Knowledge.
Evaluating performance of the lunge exercise with multiple and individual inertial measurement units.
A Boosted Bayesian Multiresolution Classifier for Prostate Cancer Detection From Digitized Needle Biopsies.
Models for Synchrophasor With Step Discontinuities in Magnitude and Phase - Estimation and Performance.
Data Augmentation for Histopathological Images Based on Gaussian-Laplacian Pyramid Blending.
Interactive Histology of Large-Scale Biomedical Image Stacks.
A String Representation of Distinguished Names.
Using the OSI Directory to Achieve User Friendly Naming.
A Posteriori Error Estimation and Adaptivity for Nonlinear Parabolic Equations using IMEX-Galerkin Discretization of Primal and Dual Equations.
Renewable energy in distributed energy efficient content delivery clouds.
Using PHES to facilitate wind power integration in isolated systems - Case study.
Constrained Least Squares for Extended Complex Factor Analysis.
The String Representation of Standard Attribute Syntaxes.
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol.
IEEE Standards Association P7007 ? Call for Participation [Standards].
A Fuzzy Order Promising Model With Non-Uniform Finished Goods.
Chest Tube Management After Lung Resection Surgery using a Classifier.
The impact of manager philosophy on knowledge management systems.
Using a MODFLOW grid, generated with GMS, to solve a transport problem with TOUGH2 in complex geological environments - The intertidal deposits of the Venetian Lagoon.
Secure Elliptic Curve generation and key establishment on a 802.11 WLAN embedded device.
Intelligent Systems in Accounting, Finance and Management - ISI journal and proceeding citations, and research issues from most-cited papers.
A 40-MHz-to-1-GHz Fully Integrated Multistandard Silicon Tuner in 80-nm CMOS.
A Competency Approach - Implications for E-Learning and E-Assessment.
Physical layer security of wireless communication systems affected by LOS blockage.
UR-FUNNY - A Multimodal Language Dataset for Understanding Humor.
Patient Safety at Transitions of Care - Use of a Compulsory Electronic Reconciliation Tool in an Academic Hospital.
Taming the Torrent.
Multi-cell topology based on voltage-source converters with a reduced DC Capacitor by means of a predictive control scheme.
A New Efficient Technique for Network and Cluster Rekeying in Wireless Sensor Network based on Quarantining.
3D digital reassembling of archaeological ceramic pottery fragments based on their thickness profile.
Phasic dopamine release identification using convolutional neural network.
Experimental transmission in a fiber-radio system using a microwave photonic filter at 2.8GHz.
An Extended State Convergence Architecture for Multilateral Teleoperation Systems.
An HMM-Based Gesture Recognition Method Trained on Few Samples.
MammoSys - A content-based image retrieval system using breast density patterns.
Whole-Body Control [TC Spotlight].
e-Language, e-Culture, e-Literature within a Virtual Learning Context - Secondlife.Com.
Explorando la adopción de ERP con el modelo Business Process Change (BPC) - Tres casos de estudio en Chile.
Verification on the Ensemble of Independent Numerical Solutions.
Neuronal generator patterns at scalp elicited by lateralized aversive pictures reveal consecutive stages of motivated attention.
Implementing a Broadcast Storm Attack on a Mission-Critical Wireless Sensor Network.
The Skew-Reflected-Gompertz distribution for analyzing symmetric and asymmetric data.
Cognitive radio - Ten years of experimentation and development.
The cost-effectiveness of surgical instrument management policies to reduce the risk of vCJD transmission to humans.
E-learning templates for peripheral vascular stenting.
Privacy as a shared feature of the e-phenomenon - a comparison of privacy policies in e-government, e-commerce and e-teaching.
Effects of Display Size and Resolution on User Behavior and Insight Acquisition in Visual Exploration.
Adaptive color image watermarking by the use of quaternion image moments.
How interaction between roles shapes the communication structure in requirements-driven collaboration.
Co-evolution of metamodels and models through consistent change propagation.
Consistent merging of model versions.
Efficient high-performance implementation of JPEG-LS encoder.
The 2017 Humanitarian Robotics and Automation Technology Challenge [Humanitarian Technology].
Entity Search Based on the Representation Learning Model With Different Embedding Strategies.
Electronic Communication - Themes from a Case Study of the Deaf Community.
Towards Industrial IoT-AR Systems using Deep Learning-Based Object Pose Estimation.
Multiobjective Optimization Design and Experimental Investigation on the Axial Flow Pump with Orthogonal Test Approach.
Association between completed suicide and environmental temperature in a Mexican population, using the Knowledge Discovery in Database approach.
Towards to personal profiles of online video game players - application of POS-PLS on UTAUT model.
How Can the Web Services Paradigm Improve the E-Learning?
Improving MMDB distributed transactional concurrency.
Multi-objective Genetic Algorithms to Create Ensemble of Classifiers.
Big Data Analytics for Wireless and Wired Network Design - A Survey.
Canadian Forest Fires and the Effects of Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution on Hospitalizations among the Elderly.
Search and Placement in Tiered Cache Networks.
Feature Learning and Automatic Segmentation for Dolphin Communication Analysis.
A novel fuzzy HEED security using VEGK for wireless sensor networks.
On the Use of E-Learning Standards in Adaptive Learning Systems.
Fault Diagnosis of a Vehicle with Soft Computing Methods.
Designing a touch-screen sensecam browser to support an aging population.
A Threshold-Based Dynamic TXOP Scheme for Intra-AC QoS Differentiation in IEEE 802.11e Networks.
OFDM-ML-IDM System for Efficient Wireless Image Transmission.
Models for Spatial Interaction Data - Computation and Interpretation of Accessibility.
Complete Analysis of a Novel Fully Symmetric Decoupled Micromachined Gyroscope.
Improving Unstructured Mesh Partitions for Multiple Criteria Using Mesh Adjacencies.
Reviewing ALOS PALSAR Backscatter Observations for Stem Volume Retrieval in Swedish Forest.
Equalization and Carrier Frequency Offsets Compensation for the SC-FDMA System.
A Deep Dual-path Network for Improved Mammogram Image Processing.
A contraction theory-based analysis of the stability of the Extended Kalman Filter
Measuring global awareness interest development of engineering and information technology students.
A comparative study in ultrasound breast imaging classification.
Voltage-Based Protection Scheme for Faults Within Utility-Scale Photovoltaic Arrays.
Design of Log-Periodic Dipole Array Antenna with Implemmented Extra Dipole.
Reproducible and Reliable Distributed Classification of Text Streams.
Towards a characterization of localization performance in networks with random geometries.
SACRE - A tool for dealing with uncertainty in contextual requirements at runtime.
Real-time wireless multisensory smart surveillance with 3D-HEVC streams for internet-of-things (IoT).
Special section on emerging multimedia technology for smart surveillance system with IoT environment.
Robust Collision Avoidance via Sliding Control.
Combining Superresolution and Fusion Methods for Sharpening Misrsat-1 Data.
The conductivity and TEMF of MoS2 with Mo2S3 additive.
Factorization of Polynomials and GCD Computations for Finding Universal Denominators.
Contribution of calendar ageing modes in the performances degradation of supercapacitors during power cycling.
Network-based control system to compensate the input delay and minimize energy expenditure of a cooling plant.
Health Information Systems - evaluation and performance of a Help Desk.
Secure Machine Learning Scenario from Big Data in Cloud Computing via Internet of Things Network.
Haptic Simulator for Prostate Brachytherapy with Simulated Needle and Probe Interaction.
A programmable calibration/BIST engine for RF/analog blocks in SoCs.
 systems design.
SayWAT - Augmenting Face-to-Face Conversations for Adults with Autism.
s Different Missions in E-Science, E-Social Sciences and E-Humanities.
Efficient HPR-Based Rendering of Point Clouds.
Design and Implementation of a Fast General Purpose Fuzzy Processor.
Path selection and bandwidth allocation in MPLS networks.
e-Infrastructures for Digital Libraries...the Future.
Mapping LAI and chlorophyll content from at-sensor APEX data using a Bayesian optimisation of a coupled canopy-atmosphere model.
Protection Coordination for Microgrids With Grid-Connected and Islanded Capabilities Using Communication Assisted Dual Setting Directional Overcurrent Relays.
Source-Informed Segmentation - A Data-Driven Approach for the Temporal Segmentation of EEG.
phRAIDER - Pattern-Hunter based Rapid Ab Initio Detection of Elementary Repeats.
Handwritten digit segmentation - Is it still necessary?
Technical Report - Exploring Human Surrogate Characteristics.
SOS - A numerical simulation toolbox for decision support related to wastewater discharges and their environmental impact.
Improving Seismic Data Resolution With Deep Generative Networks.
A Hybrid Intelligent System Model for Hypertension Diagnosis.
Assessing the threshold for in vivo detection of amyloid-beta plaques.
Experimental Verification of Triple Lobes Generation in Fractional Memristive Circuits.
On the Complexity of Approximating Wasserstein Barycenters.
UAV Image Segmentation Using a Pulse-Coupled Neural Network for Land Analysis.
Robust delay compensation for MPC for systems with input nonlinearities and multiple dead times.
s scholarship model.
Transmission and Processing of IPv6 Extension Headers.
Parallelization of CPPTRAJ enables large scale analysis of molecular dynamics trajectory data.
Using n-grams of spatial densities to construct maps.
Applications of Avatar Mediated Interaction to Teaching, Training, Job Skills and Wellness.
Towards an Evolutionary Model of Animal-Associated Microbiomes.
Building The E-Service Society - E-Commerce, E-Business, and E-Government -IFIP 18th World Computer Congress TC6/TC8/TC11 4th International Conference on E-Commerce, E-Business, E-Government (I3E 2004), 22-27 August 2004, Toulouse, France
Towards a Live Anonymous Question Queue To Address Student Apprehension.
Travel Buying Behavior in Social Network Site Users - to Buy Online vs. Offline.
Gray networking - a step towards next generation computer networks.
Newton method for stationary and quasi-stationary problems for Smoluchowski-type equations.
What do Support Analysts Know about Their Customers? On the Study and Prediction of Support Ticket Escalations in Large Software Organizations.
Mode independent session directory service architecture - a unified approach for ASM and SSM multicast networks.
Policy-driven network simulation - a resilience case study.
Tree code for collision detection of large numbers of particles applied to the Breit-Wheeler process.
IPv6 Site Renumbering Gap Analysis.
A clustering-based knowledge discovery process for data centre infrastructure management.
Continuous GRASP with a local active-set method for bound-constrained global optimization.
Implementation of Optical Shearography for Electronic Devices Analysis.
Protecting against rare event failures in archival systems.
iTextMine - integrated text-mining system for large-scale knowledge extraction from the literature.
Single-Input Multiple-Output Perturbation Rejection in Automotive Semi-Active Suspension Systems.
Efficient White Noise Sampling and Coupling for Multilevel Monte Carlo with Nonnested Meshes.
Impact of Distributed Processing on Power Consumption for IoT Based Surveillance Applications.
Nonparametric Network Design and Analysis of Disease Genes in Oral Cancer Progression.
Quantum walks - a comprehensive review.
Hierarchical Crowd Detection and Representation for Big Data Analytics in Visual Surveillance.
Real-Time Image Processing on a Focal Plane SIMD Array.
Replay debugging of non-deterministic executions in the Kernel-based Virtual Machine.
Social Media Monitoring of the Campaigns for the 2013 German Bundestag Elections on Facebook and Twitter.
Industrial cyber-physical system for condition-based monitoring in manufacturing processes.
Energy Efficient Virtual Machines Placement over Cloud-Fog Network Architecture.
A Tabu Search implementation for adaptive localization in ensemble-based methods.
Applying Bacterial Memetic Algorithm for Training Feedforward and Fuzzy Flip-Flop based Neural Networks.
Experience building non-functional requirement models of a complex industrial architecture (abstracts only).
Error-estimate-based Adaptive Integration For Immersed Isogeometric Analysis.
The multi-modal Australian ScienceS Imaging and Visualization Environment (MASSIVE) high performance computing infrastructure - applications in neuroscience and neuroinformatics research.
On relationships between revised rough fuzzy approximation operators and fuzzy topological spaces.
Comparison between rough set approximations based on different topologies.
A multilevel taxonomy and requirements for an optimal traffic-classification model.
Perceived feature utility-based product family design - a mobile phone case study.
SCoBi-Veg - A Generalized Bistatic Scattering Model of Reflectometry From Vegetation for Signals of Opportunity Applications.
Internal Representation of the Environment in Cognitive Robotics.
A Cellular Genetic Algorithm for scheduling applications and energy-aware communication optimization.
The validation of the E-Victimisation Scale (E-VS) and the E-Bullying Scale (E-BS) for adolescents.
Robust sampling and reconstruction methods for compressed sensing.
A New Integer Linear Programming Model for the Cutwidth Minimization Problem of a Connected Undirected Graph.
An Empirical Study of Requirements Engineering in Distributed Software Projects - Is Distance Negotiation More Effective?
Chaos, Self Organized Criticality, Intermittent turbulence and Nonextensivity revealed from Seismogenesis in North Aegean Area.
Modeling of human behavior in crowds using a cognitive feedback approach.
Towards a Benchmark and a Comparison Framework for Combinatorial Interaction Testing of Software Product Lines.
s Guide to Search-Based Software Engineering for Software Product Lines.
Unsupervised Tuning of Filter Parameters Without Ground-Truth Applied to Aerial Robots.
Leveraging unsupervised training sets for multi-scale compartmentalization in renal pathology.
 model for the performance of parallel programs written using rendezvous.
How Best to Teach Global Software Engineering? Educators Are Divided.
 electronic medical records.
Decentralize and Randomize - Faster Algorithm for Wasserstein Barycenters.
Registration of Whole-Mount Histology and Volumetric Imaging of the Prostate Using Particle Filtering.
A multi-modal dance corpus for research into interaction between humans in virtual environments.
17 workshop manifesto.
High-throughput Hardware Architectures of the JH Round-three SHA-3 Candidate - An FPGA Design and Implementation Approach.
Competitiveness in Mexican SMEs - ERP, a differentiating factor? / Competitividad en Pymes Mexicanas - ERP ¿un factor diferenciador?
Association of genetic quantitative and population genetics approaches in plant breeding (Associação das abordagens de genética quantitativa e de genética de populações no melhoramento de plantas).
Automotive Diagnostics as a Service - An Artificially Intelligent Mobile Application for Tire Condition Assessment.
Nursing Software for Emergency Triage (NSET).
Optoelectronic-system based characterization of a robotic device for evaluation and rehabilitation of balance disorders.
Estudo experimental, simulação e modelagem do efeito de agitação e mistura no processo da produção de biodiesel de soja (Glycine max) metílico e etílico.
A simple, efficient and near optimal algorithm for compressed sensing.
Universal interactions - challenges and opportunities.
e-Health Service Characteristics and QoS Guarantee.
GeoBot - A High Level Visual Perception Architecture for Autonomous Robots.
s disease - A bio-metrology perspective addressed to microRNA-based biomarkers.
Discrete and Continuous Systems of Logic in Nuclear Magnetic Resonance.
Data-driven sampling method for building 3D anatomical models from serial histology.
Automatic computational labeling of glomerular textural boundaries.
Model Predictive Control for Power Converters in a Distorted Three-Phase Power Supply.
Modelagem de um Problema de Dimensionamento de Lotes com Demanda Variavel e Deterministica e Efeitos de Learning e Forgetting.
Computerization of a Nursing Chart According to the Nursing Process.
Enhanced Predictive Control for a Wide Time-Variant Frequency Environment.
User-Centered Design Practices to Redesign a Nursing e-Chart in Line with the Nursing Process.
Unique Decoding of Plane AG Codes via Interpolation
Tuning methodology for industrial predictive controllers applied to Natural Gas Processing Unit.
PReSET - A toolset for the evaluation of network resilience strategies.
Digital Services and Information Intelligence - 13th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2014, Sanya, China, November 28-30, 2014. Proceedings
Simulation and evaluation of network resilience with PReSET.
Autonomous ultra-low power DC/DC converter for Microbial Fuel Cells.
Face Recognition with Choquet Integral in Modular Neural Networks.
Interdependent Risk in Interacting Infrastructure Systems.
Providers Expectations on Telemedicine - A Qualitative Research in a Large Healthcare Network of Latin America.
A Comprehensive Model for Control of Vaporizing Liquid Microthrusters.
Distributed Computation of Wasserstein Barycenters over Networks.
LIDAR-assisted preview controllers design for a MW-scale commercial wind turbine model.
Comparative reflections on the use of modelling tools in conflictive water management settings - The Mancha Occidental aquifer, Spain.
Architectural Intelligence - A Framework and Application to e-Learning.
Induction Motor Control - Multivariable Analysis and Effective Decentralized Control of Stator Currents for High-Performance Applications.
Wrapper filtering criteria via linear neuron and kernel approaches.
Using finite element method based software to teach electrical machines - The linear switched reluctance actuator.
A smart multi-user massive MIMO system for next G Wireless communications using evolutionary optimized antenna selection.
Social Structures and Personal Values That Predict E-Mail Use - An International Comparative Study.
Object Segmentation in Images using EEG Signals.
Linear algebra for tensor problems.
The role of e-learning coaches in Australian secondary schools.
Reduction of false alarms triggered by spiders/cobwebs in surveillance camera networks.
Analysis of the dynamic behavior changes of supercapacitors during calendar life test under several voltages and temperatures conditions.
A Detrended Range Unit Root (DRUR) Test.
Methodology to decrease the energy demands in wine production using cold pre-fermentation.
Competing epidemics on complex networks
MagicHand - Interact with IoT Devices in Augmented Reality Environment.
Time delay estimation of HF fading signal in impulsive noise environments.
Demographic Trends in Consumer E-Health Adoption - Analysis of NCI HINTS 2003 and 2005 National Surveys.
Mechanisms for the convergence of time-parallelized, parareal turbulent plasma simulations.
A computational study of the effects of remodelled electrophysiology and mechanics on initiation of ventricular fibrillation in human heart failure.
A decision support tool for the order promising process with product homogeneity requirements in hybrid Make-To-Stock and Make-To-Order environments. Application to a ceramic tile company.
RFID in the central warehouse of refundable uniforms Supply Sub Directorate.
Identification of binding sites and favorable ligand binding moieties by virtual screening and self-organizing map analysis.
Operator context scanning to support high segmentation rates for real time license plate recognition.
Probabilistic pairwise Markov models - application to prostate cancer detection.
Geometric filtration of classification-based object detectors in realtime road scene recognition systems.
A visible band index for remote sensing leaf chlorophyll content at the canopy scale.
A quantitative study of creative leaps.
S2SA preconditioning for the Sn equations with strictly nonnegative spatial discretization.
Color features as an approach for the automated screening of Salmonella strain.
Towards a Supervised Incremental Learning System for Automatic Recognition of the Skeletal Age.
Automated renal histopathology - digital extraction and quantification of renal pathology.
An efficient nonlinear finite-difference approach in the computational modeling of the dynamics of a nonlinear diffusion-reaction equation in microbial ecology.
Multimedia Search and Temporal Reasoning.
Analysis of communities in a mythological social network.
Combinatorial systems with axiom.
Idea - Trusted Emergency Management.
Detection of source code similitude in academic environments.
The Need for Speed - An Analysis of Brazilian Malware Classifers.
EKHARA - A Monte Carlo generator for e+e-→e+e-π0 and e+e-→e+e-π+π- processes.
Optimizing Travel Time to Outpatient Interventional Radiology Procedures in a Multi-Site Hospital System Using a Google Maps Application.
Maximizing throughput at an intersection under constrained maneuvers.
First Principles for Evaluation of the Moisture Content in Mango Slice by Tera-Hertz Pulses.
 Maturity Model.
Embedding of binary image in the Gray planes.
Performance Evaluation of Transmission Between Two Wireless Devices Based on Radio-over-Fiber Technology.
On the Structure of Higher Order Voronoi Cells.
Large gain stability and adaptive expansion estimation in Extremum Seeking.
The effects of triangle inequality on the vehicle routing problem.
An IEEE standard Ontology for Robotics and Automation.
Recommender systems for e-governance in smart cities - state of the art and research opportunities.
The importance of actual use in defining and measuring innovative behaviour - Comparison of e-book reader users and non-users.
Automatic Construction of Radial-Basis Function Networks Through an Adaptive Partition Algorithm.
Efficient Molecular Imaging Techniques Using Optically Active Molecules.
Multi-Strategy Segmentation of Melodies.
Evolving embodied intelligence from materials to machines.
Comparing expert and novice understanding of a complex system from the perspective of structures, behaviors, and functions.
Improving teaching-learning process through ICT methods assisted with CFD techniques for marine engineering courses.
Supporting the Software Process Improvement in Very Small Entities through E-learning - The HEPALE! Project.
Pattern languages - addressing the challenges.
On almost sure identifiability of non multilinear tensor decomposition.
Aibo JukeBox - A Robot Dance Interactive Experience.
Towards intelligent user interfaces - anticipating actions in computer games.
Recent Advances in Mobile Cloud Computing.
The blind detection for palette image watermarking without changing the color.
Estimating the performance of intelligent transport systems wireless services for multimodal logistics applications.
Improving Power Quality in Cascade Multilevel Converters Based on Single-Phase Nonregenerative Power Cells.
Nutrient biomarker patterns, cognitive function, and fMRI measures of network efficiency in the aging brain.
Efficient spectrum utilisation in third generation cellular communications systems.
 platform.
Competing scales for measuring perceived quality in the electronic retail industry - A comparison between E-S-Qual and E-TailQ.
An Architecture for Real Time Data Acquisition and Online Signal Processing for High Throughput Tandem Mass Spectrometry.
2OO5), October 28-30, 2005, Poznan, Poland
Use of Neural Signals to Evaluate the Quality of Generative Adversarial Network Performance in Facial Image Generation.
Semantic query reformulation - the NIF experience.
An examination of the long-term business value of investments in information technology.
Generation of Patient-Specific Cardiac Vascular Networks - A Hybrid Image-Based and Synthetic Geometric Model.
Constrained Overcomplete Analysis Operator Learning for Cosparse Signal Modelling.
Improved Network Traffic Classification Using Ensemble Learning.
The role of domain knowledge and cross-functional communication in socio-technical coordination.
Surface++ - A Scalable and Self-sustainable Wireless Sound Sensing Surface.
Sample allocation for statistical multiresolution compressed sensing.
Learning Features for Offline Handwritten Signature Verification using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
A Survey of Decomposition Methods for Multi-objective Optimization.
SOPPIA - Social Opportunistic Intelligent Ambient of Learning.
Simple multichannel system for the measurement of the net water flux across biological tissues.
E-Marketing Strategy for Businesses.
Using Model Transformation Techniques for the Superimposition of Architectural Styles.
Patterns of Evolution in the Practice of Distributed Software Development in Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - A Preliminary Capability Model.
Synthetic Depth-of-Field with a Single-Camera Mobile Phone.
Vascular intersection detection in retina fundus images using a new hybrid approach.
s Weight for a Decode-and-Forward Based Receiver.
The computational complexity of ideal semantics.
3D Façade Labeling over Complex Scenarios - A Case Study Using Convolutional Neural Network and Structure-From-Motion.
Augmented Lagrangian-based preconditioners for steady buoyancy driven flow.
TEFIS - A single access point for conducting multifaceted experiments on heterogeneous test facilities.
Solar system - smooth pursuit interactions using EOG glasses.
Generalization of IPP Codes and IPP Set Systems.
Solving the voltage regulation problem with output feedback.
Reconstruction of Neural Activity from EEG Data Using Dynamic Spatiotemporal Constraints.
Design of a Life-Saving School Desk for Kindergarten Pupils During Seismic Activity.
Research Paper - Automated Semantic Indexing of Figure Captions to Improve Radiology Image Retrieval.
Development of Diagnostic Skills in Dentistry Students using Gamified Virtual Patients.
Region-based approach for the spectral clustering Nyström approximation with an application to burn depth assessment.
Steady-state modelling of metabolic flux between the tricarboxylic acid cycle and the glyoxylate bypass in Escherichia coli.
Adaptive Least Squares Interpolation of Infrared Images.
Fractional Order Sliding Mode Control of a Class of Second Order Perturbed Nonlinear Systems - Application to the Trajectory Tracking of a Quadrotor.
Proceedings of the Sixth International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems co-located with the 13th International Conference on Persuasive Technology (PERSUASIVE 2018), Waterloo, Canada, April 16-19, 2018.
On offshore wind farm maintenance scheduling for decision support on vessel fleet composition.
A new MAC solution for multi-channel single radio in wireless sensor networks.
A Comparison of Fast and Low Overhead Distributed Priority Locks.
Distance estimation with efference copies and optical flow maneuvers - a stability-based strategy.
Overview of positioning technologies from fitness-to-purpose point of view.
Research Questions and Research Methods in CSCL Research.
s case.
A semi-passive UHF RFID tag compliant with Brazilian National Automated Vehicle Identification System (SINIAV).
Evaluation of Computer-Tailored Motivational Messaging in a Health Promotion Context.
Efficient implementation of the keyed-hash message authentication code (HMAC) using the SHA-1 hash function.
DICOMweb™ - Background and Application of the Web Standard for Medical Imaging.
Widespread reward-system activation in obese women in response to pictures of high-calorie foods.
A methodology to carry out voting classification tasks using a particle swarm optimization-based neuro-fuzzy competitive learning network.
Sensor guided biped felling machine for steep terrain harvesting.
Enriching Mental Health Mobile Assessment and Intervention with Situation Awareness.
Learning and Using Bayesian Networks for Diagnosis and User Profiling.
Federated Access Management for Collaborative Environments.
Task-parallel Analysis of Molecular Dynamics Trajectories.
Probabilistic Inference from Arbitrary Uncertainty using Mixtures of Factorized Generalized Gaussians
Estimating population proportions in the presence of missing data.
Fusion of Stereo and Still Monocular Depth Estimates in a Self-Supervised Learning Context.
Distributed Computation of Wasserstein Barycenters Over Networks.
Some Theory on Non-negative Tucker Decomposition.
s Nationally Significant Terrestrial Ecosystem Data - A Collaboration between TERN and ANDS.
Pre-contrast T1 and cartilage thickness as confounding factors in dGEMRIC when evaluating human cartilage adaptation to physical activity.
The Human Phenotype Ontology in 2017.
OzTrack - E-Infrastructure to Support the Management, Analysis and Sharing of Animal Tracking Data.
Efficient harvester with active load modulation and wide dynamic input power range for wireless power transfer applications.
Consciousness as a logically consistent and prognostic model of reality.
s Optimal Outsourcing Rate - A Learning Model Perspective.
Health Media - From Multimedia Signals to Personal Health Insights.
MMHealth 2017 - Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care.
Quantification of tumor morphology via 3D histology - application to oral cavity cancers.
A Simple Model for the Reliability of an Infrastructure System Controlled by Agents.
Implementing Monitoring and Technological Interventions in Smart Homes for People with Dementia - Case Studies.
Trial-Type Dependent Frames of Reference for Value Comparison.
Transmission Performance Analysis of Digital Wire and Wireless Optical Links in Local and Wide Areas Optical Networks
Forest species recognition based on dynamic classifier selection and dissimilarity feature vector representation.
A novel algorithm for tridimensional reconstruction using data from low-cost sensors.
14th IEEE International Conference on e-Science, e-Science 2018, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, October 29 - November 1, 2018
Global Software Development and Delay - Does Distance Still Matter?
Stochastic Modeling of B Lymphocyte Terminal Differentiation and Its Suppression by Dioxin.
Performance Evaluation with Hidden Markov Models.
Generalized mode solver for plasmonic transmission lines embedded in layered media based on the Method of Moments.
People-to-People Lending - The Emerging e-Commerce Transformation of a Financial Market.
The LAB-Net Soil Moisture Network - Application to Thermal Remote Sensing and Surface Energy Balance.
People-to-People Lending - The Emerging E-Commerce Transformation of a Financial Market.
Combining Adaptive with Artificial Intelligence and Nonlinear Methods for Fault Tolerant Control.
Estimation of blood vessels diameter by region growing in laser speckle contrast imaging.
e-Clouds - A SaaS marketplace for scientific computing.
Near Contact Thermal Flying Height Control in Hard Disk Drives.
Shiny happy people buying - the role of emotions on personalized e-shopping.
Thinking theta and alpha - Mechanisms of intuitive and analytical reasoning.
Competition Through Selective Inhibitory Synchrony.
Security as a Dimension of Quality of Service in Active Service Environments.
An E log E Line Crossing Algorithm for Levelled Graphs.
Using GPUs for the Exact Alignment of Short-Read Genetic Sequences by Means of the Burrows-Wheeler Transform.
Lidar-assisted wind turbine feedforward torque controller design below rated.
Burst analysis tool for developing neuronal networks exhibiting highly varying action potential dynamics.
IBM POWER6 microprocessor physical design and design methodology.
A family of high-order multistep methods with vanished phase-lag and its derivatives for the numerical solution of the Schrödinger equation.
MAGIC - a motion gesture design tool.
Scalable and Energy-Efficient Scheduling Techniques for Large-Scale Systems.
Archaeological land use characterization using multispectral remote sensing data.
Monitoring hydrological variations using multispectral SPOT-5 data - Regional case of Jalisco in Mexico.
PV harmonic distribution analysis for various conditions.
Modeling induction motor imbalances - A non-DQ approach.
Orchestrating an institution-wide transition to google calendar.
A Physical Model for Microwave Radiometry of Forest Canopies.
Acceleration of the IMplicit-EXplicit nonhydrostatic unified model of the atmosphere on manycore processors.
Proceedings of the 7th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence (IJCCI 2015) - Volume 3 - NCTA, Lisbon, Portugal, November 12-14, 2015.
Event-Based GPC for Multivariable Processes - A Practical Approach With Sensor Deadband.
Metrics for Trafic Analysis Prevention.
Examining the regional and cerebral depth-dependent BOLD cerebrovascular reactivity response at 7 T.
Proceedings of the 7th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence (IJCCI 2015) - Volume 2 - FCTA, Lisbon, Portugal, November 12-14, 2015.
Developing E-Business Enterprise Frameworks.
Proceedings of the 7th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence (IJCCI 2015) - Volume 1 - ECTA, Lisbon, Portugal, November 12-14, 2015.
A Distributed Intelligent Monitoring System Applied to a Micro-scale Turning Process.
On the necessity of full-state measurement for state-space network reconstruction.
Dimensões teórico-metodológicas do cálculo diferencial e integral - perspectivas histórica e de ensino e aprendizagem.
Validation of a Sequential Organ Failure Assessment Score using Electronic Health Record Data.
Graphs with Odd Cocliques.
Optimized flocking of autonomous drones in confined environments.
An Adaptive Multi-level Framework for Forest Species Recognition.
A Study on Preference Impartation and Decision Support in E-Negotiation.
Performance validation of microarray analysis methods.
Touchfire - Towards a glove-mounted tactile display for rendering temperature readings for firefighters.
Reverse engineering approach for improving the quality of mobile applications.
Robust digital watermarking in PDTDFB domain based on least squares support vector machine.
Low-cost accurate skeleton tracking based on fusion of kinect and wearable inertial sensors.
Combined Classification of Risk Factors for Appendicitis Prediction in Childhood.
Visualizing multiphysics, fluid-structure interaction phenomena in intracranial aneurysms.
MRI-detectable changes in mouse brain structure induced by voluntary exercise.
Segments graph-based approach for smartphone document capture.
A Lean Automotive E/E-System Design Approach with Integrated Requirements Management Capability.
Mathematical model for low-rate DoS attacks against application servers.
Medical informatics, computer applications in health care - E.H. Shortliffe and L.E. Perreault, eds., G. Wiederhold and L.M. Fagan, associate eds., (Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, 1990) 715 pp., $45.25.
Technology Use in CSCL - A Content Meta-Analysis.
Game, shot and match - Event-based indexing of tennis.
Mitigating External Threats in Wireless Local Area Networks.
Meta-learning - Can It Be Suitable to Automatise the KDD Process for the Educational Domain?
Virtual cinematography director for interactive storytelling.
Non-rigid registration between histological and MR images of the prostate - A joint segmentation and registration framework.
Wideband Parameters Analysis and Validation for Indoor radio Channel at 60/70/80GHz for Gigabit Wireless Communication employing Isotropic, Horn and Omni directional Antenna.
The U. S. Geological Survey National Hydrologic Model infrastructure - Rationale, description, and application of a watershed-scale model for the conterminous United States.
Profiling Flood Risk through Crowdsourced Flood Level Reports.
BIOSAR 2010 - A SAR campaign in support to the BIOMASS mission.
Fast prostate segmentation for brachytherapy based on joint fusion of images and labels.
ARMOR - An Architecture for Diagnosis and Remediation of Network Misconfigurations.
Target recognition by texture segmentation algorithm.
Matrix-free iterative solution strategies for large dense linear systems.
Inferring the Number of Contributors to Mixed DNA Profiles.
Study and implementation of descriptors and classifiers for automatic detection of motorcycle on public roads.
Standardized evaluation of algorithms for computer-aided diagnosis of dementia based on structural MRI - The CADDementia challenge.
E-MQS - A New Downlink Scheduler for Real-Time Flows in LTE Network.
Mathematical Development and Computational Analysis of Harmonic Phase-Magnetic Resonance Imaging (HARP-MRI) Based on Bloch Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) Diffusion Model for Myocardial Motion.
Methods for Specifying Scientific Data Standards and Modeling Relationships with Applications to Neuroscience.
Statistical issues in the analysis of DNA Copy Number Variations.
Modeling time warping in tensor decomposition.
OpenMP, OpenMP/MPI, and CUDA/MPI C programs for solving the time-dependent dipolar Gross-Pitaevskii equation.
An opportunistic cloud for e-science.
A model for content generation in On-line social network.
ChemOS - Orchestrating autonomous experimentation.
Automatic classification of agro-industrial products through dynamic membership functions in Fuzzy logic systems - An approach to Scallops.
A Feasibility Study Evaluating the Emotionally Expressive Robot SAM.
Ensembl 2019.
Conceptual misfits in e-mail-based current-awareness interaction.
Digital Badges and Ethics - The Uses of Individual Learning Data in Social Contexts.
A user-centric mobility sensing system for transportation activity surveys.
Using Social Network Analysis in Understanding The Public Discourse on Gender Violence - an Agent-Based Modelling Approach.
Improving the efficiency of DC global optimization methods by improving the DC representation of the objective function.
Simulating the seismic performance of a large-scale electric network in the U.S. Midwest.
Managing the requirements flow from strategy to release in large-scale agile development - a case study at Ericsson.
A Vegetation Correction Methodology Applied for Soil Moisture Retrieval from C-band Radar Observations.
Fault analysis in TCSC-compensated lines using wavelets and a PNN.
Software vulnerabilities precluded by spark.
Policy authoring for software-defined networking management.
A systematic mapping study of search-based software engineering for software product lines.
Functional Motions Modulating VanA Ligand Binding Unraveled by Self-Organizing Maps.
Game-based crowdsourcing to support collaborative customization of the definition of sustainability.
Impact of sleep loss before learning on cortical dynamics during memory retrieval.
 architectures.
Conceptualisation of a national integrated credit bureau (NICB) in a developing country context.
s Disease Detection.
Near Real-Time Fuel-Optimal En Route Conflict Resolution.
Query Expansion with a Little Help from Twitter.
Dynamical characterization of land use classification using multispectral remote sensing data for Guadalajara region.
Automatic pathology of prostate cancer in whole mount slides incorporating individual gland classification.
Non-intrusive integration of advanced diagnosis features in automotive E/E-architectures.
canSAR - update to the cancer translational research and drug discovery knowledgebase.
Remote management multimedia content and interactive applications deployed on a iTV environment.
In Silico Chemical Library Screening and Experimental Validation of a Novel 9-Aminoacridine Based Lead-Inhibitor of Human S-Adenosylmethionine Decarboxylase.
Myro-C++ - An Open Source C++ Library for CS Education Using AI.
Assessment of cloud computing adoption models in e-government environment.
Optimization of Fractional-Order RLC Filters.
Toward a reliable anomaly-based intrusion detection in real-world environments.
Vehicle Logo Recognition Using a SIFT-Based Enhanced Matching Scheme.
How to Efficiently Solve Internet Shopping Optimization Problem with Price Sensitive Discounts?.
Dancing in the Streets - The design and evaluation of a wearable health game.
Influence of Anisotropic Blood Vessels Modeling on EEG Source Localization.
Correction - Shannon, A.M.; Power, H.E.; Webster, J.M.; Vila-Concejo, A. Evolution of Coral Rubble Deposits on a Reef Platform as Detected by Remote Sensing. Remote Sensing, 2013, 5, 1-18.
Influence of Population Dependent Forward Models on Distributed EEG Source Reconstruction.
On the Incommensurability Phenomenon.
Hybrid biomembrane-functionalized nanorobots for concurrent removal of pathogenic bacteria and toxins.
QR code antennas for WiFi/WLAN/Bluetooth applications.
Integration of production quantity and control chart design in automotive manufacturing.
Floorplanning as a practical countermeasure against clock fault attack in Trivium stream cipher.
A new finite difference scheme with minimal phase-lag for the numerical solution of the Schrödinger equation.
Smart UWB System Based on STC and TR Techniques for BER Performance Enhancement and Interference Rejection.
Explicit exponentially fitted methods for the numerical solution of the Schrödinger equation.
FastRank - Practical Lightweight Tolerance to Rational Behaviour in Edge Assisted Streaming.
Contributions to the planning of human resources in the territorial level.
A review of mathematical models for supporting the order promising process under Lack of Homogeneity in Product and other sources of uncertainty.
The Impact of Preprocessing on Deep Representations for Iris Recognition on Unconstrained Environments.
Reengineering legacy applications into software product lines - a systematic mapping.
Multi-objective reverse engineering of variability-safe feature models based on code dependencies of system variants.
Availability and Performance Evaluation of Database Systems under Periodic Checkpoints.
Alpha, Betti and the Megaparsec Universe - On the Topology of the Cosmic Web.
Leukemia diagnosis in blood slides using transfer learning in CNNs and SVM for classification.
Human Surrogates - Remote Presence for Collaboration and Education in Smart Cities.
Overcoming Crossbar Nonidealities in Binary Neural Networks Through Learning.
Information Extraction in Semantic, Highly-Structured, and Semi-Structured Web Sources.
Minimal Disturbed Bits in Writing Resistive Crossbar Memories.
Bayesian optimal compressed sensing without priors - Parametric sure approximate message passing.
Hardware requirements for neural-net optical character recognition.
Deep learning for cell image segmentation and ranking.
MATEP - Monitoring and Analysis Tool for E-Learning Platforms.
Forecasting Volcanic Plume Hazards With Fast UQ.
Synchronization and Redundancy - Implications for Robustness of Neural Learning and Decision Making.
A new digital communications receiver using partial knowledge of the channel state information.
Airline schedule planning - a review and future directions.
Heuristic approaches for operational aircraft maintenance routing problem with maximum flying hours and man-power availability considerations.
On Resistive Memories - One Step Row Readout Technique and Sensing Circuitry.
Mobile Music Touch - The effect of primary tasks on passively learning piano sequences.
Support Vector Machines for Cinematography Real-Time Camera Control in Storytelling Environments.
Exploring Multimodal Data Fusion Through Joint Decompositions with Flexible Couplings.
C2MV2 - Consistency and Composition for Managing Variability in Multi-view Systems.
Lobe, edge, and arc transitivity of graphs of connectivity 1.
The Textile Interface Swatchbook - Creating graphical user interface-like widgets with conductive embroidery.
Bubble Identification Based on High Speed Videometry Data - Algorithm and Validation.
Modelling and strength evaluation of masonry bridges using terrestrial photogrammetry and finite elements.
Crowdsourcing ISP characterization to the network edge.
Discrete and Continuous Systems of Logic in Nuclear Magnetic Resonance.
Developing a software system for automata-based code generation.
CancerGenes - a gene selection resource for cancer genome projects.
Data Visualization Using Interactive Dimensionality Reduction and Improved Color-Based Interaction Model.
Integrating Informatics Content into the Nursing Curriculum.
Using the Virtual Reality World of Second Life to Promote Patient Engagement.
Regularized Least Squares Applied to Heartbeat Classification using Transform-based and RR Intervals Features.
An in-silico model for solid tumor growth based on the concept of glycolysis.
Large-Area, High Spatial Resolution Land Cover Mapping Using Random Forests, GEOBIA, and NAIP Orthophotography - Findings and Recommendations.
Simple improvement stage for low voltage WTA and Rank Order circuits.
On the Identification of Circulating Tumor Cells in Breast Cancer.
Semear é preciso, viver não é preciso - economia do compartilhamento e dispersão de sementes digitais através de redes P2P.
Temporal and Spatial Patterns of Gene Profiles during Chondrogenic Differentiation.
HEVC in wireless environments.
TongueBoard - An Oral Interface for Subtle Input.
Optimized Classification Predictions with a New Index Combining Machine Learning Algorithms.
Robust tracking of piecewise linear trajectories with binary sensor networks.
Embedded Fuzzy Control System - Application to an Electromechanical System.
Gated time-limited polling systems.
Generalized Association Rules for Connecting Biological Ontologies.
A fast direct source localization approach for acoustic sensor array.
l workshop on open badges in education (OBIE 2015) - from learning evidence to learning analytics.
A scalable methodology to measure power distribution networks reliability.
Research Designs for Studying Individual and Collaborative Learning with Digital Badges.
Beyond Theory and Data in Preference Modeling - Bringing Humans into the Loop.
.
Evolutionary Robotics - What, Why, and Where to.
On the Problem of Prediction.
Derivative Observations in Gaussian Process Models of Dynamic Systems.
P-EDR - An Algorithm for Parallel Implementation of Parzen Density Estimation from Uncertain Observations.
 Littlefield, 2015. 142p. Paper, $45.00 (ISBN 978-1-4422-5300-1). OCLC - 906121721.
An efficient approximate technique for solving fluid models.
 in instantiated argumentation frameworks.
An 8-Bit Digitally Controlled Programmable Phase Shifter Circuit for Sinusoidal Signals with 252∘ Phase Control Range.
e-Analytics for e-Learning.
Information-Theoretic Measures and Sequential Monte Carlo Methods for Detection of Regeneration Phenomena in the Degradation of Lithium-Ion Battery Cells.
Direct Scalar Field - to - Truss Representation and Stress Simulation of Open Pore Domains.
Comparison between Choquet and Sugeno integrals as aggregation operators for pattern recognition.
Control centrality and hierarchical structure in complex networks
Towards an Energy-Efficient Anomaly-Based Intrusion Detection Engine for Embedded Systems.
A QUBO Formulation of the Stereo Matching Problem for D-Wave Quantum Annealers.
EDSGuard - Enforcing Network Security Requirements for Energy Delivery Systems.
An initial investigation on the use of carbon microfibers for conformal transmission lines.
TRECVID 2010 Experiments at Dublin City University.
Evaluation of Dielectric Mixing Models for Passive Microwave Soil Moisture Retrieval Using Data From ComRAD Ground-Based SMAP Simulator.
An Empirical Study of Collaborative Acoustic Source Localization.
Multipath Load Balancing for M × N Communication Patterns on the Blue Gene/Q Supercomputer Interconnection Network.
99mTc-MAG3 diuresis renography in differentiating renal obstruction - Using statistical parameters as new quantifiable indices.
Compressive MRI quantification using convex spatiotemporal priors and deep auto-encoders.
Risk Assessment Study based of the 365AD Earthquake to Drive a Civil Protection Exercise.
Extending Predictive Models of Exploratory Behavior to Broader Populations.
Mathematical Modelling of Tsunami Waves.
A Review on Task Performance Prediction in Multi-core Based Systems.
On-the-field simulation of fertilizer spreading - Part 1 - Modeling.
Pixel-based Wake Interaction and Power Estimation for a Wind Farm with Irregular Boundary.
Matrices of science and technology interactions and patterns of structured growth - implications for development.
Photovoltaic multi-level inverters technology.
Photovoltaic inverters technology.
A hemodynamic model for layered BOLD signals.
Electromagnetically tracked personalized templates for surgical navigation.
Modeling stent deployment in realistic arterial segment geometries - The effect of the plaque composition.
Adaptive Decoding for Brain-Machine Interfaces Through Bayesian Parameter Updates.
Multilevel Evaluation of Multidimensional Integral Transforms with Asymptotically Smooth Kernels.
 User Interfaces.
Marketing and promotion of e-books in academic libraries.
Pratt, Richelle L. Oakley, Donald E. Wynn Jr., Oscar Lopez - Examining the Impact of User Personality Traits on Concern for Information Privacy of Personal Health Information.
Experimental model construction and validation of the ErbB signaling pathway.
Energy Efficient Big Data Networks - Impact of Volume and Variety.
Testing When Mobile Apps Go to Background and Come Back to Foreground.
Predicting likelihood of requirement implementation within the planned iteration - an empirical study at IBM.
Building an Extended Ontological Perspective on Service Science.
Some Aspects Concerning a Generic Service Process Model Building.
Common genetic variants and gene expression associated with white matter microstructure in the human brain.
Density functional study of structural, electronic, and optical properties of small bimetallic ruthenium-copper clusters.
Particle-Filtering-Based Discharge Time Prognosis for Lithium-Ion Batteries With a Statistical Characterization of Use Profiles.
A variability aware configuration management and revision control platform.
Designing New Buildings to Accommodate Current Technologies.
Design principles of large quadrotors for practical applications.
A two-step cascade classification method.
A Cylindrical Basis Function for Solving Partial Differential Equations on Manifolds.
Collective Stability of Networks of Winner-Take-All Circuits.
AMUSE - autonomic management of ubiquitous e-Health systems.
Evaluating the Feasibility of Using Mobile Devices for Nurse Documentation.
A comparison of head-mounted displays vs. large-screen displays for an interactive pedestrian simulator.
Fuel cell and power control for a hybrid vehicle. Experimental results.
Potential risks to e-commerce development using exploratory factor analysis.
Cognitive consequences of making computer-based learning activities more game-like.
Exact prediction intervals for future exponential lifetime based on random generalized order statistics.
A comparison of the different versions of popular technology acceptance models - A non-linear perspective.
A case study to track teacher gestures and performance in a virtual learning environment.
Service with an e-smile - Employee authenticity and customer use of web-based support services.
Novel Scheme of Fuzzy based Concealing Sink Node with Fake Holes (F-CSH).
Special issue on architectures and algorithms of high-efficiency video coding (HEVC) standard for real-time video applications.
Problem Oriented Medical Record - Characterizing the Use of the Problem List at Hospital Italiano de Buenos Aires.
From checking on to checking in - designing for low socio-economic status older adults.
Modeling of blood flow through sutured micro-vascular anastomoses.
Quantification and automatized adaptive detection of in vivo and in vitro neuronal bursts based on signal complexity.
Software Toolchain for Large-Scale RE-NFA Construction on FPGA.
Computer-aided design of the human aortic root.
A Simple Multi-Objective Optimization Based on the Cross-Entropy Method.
An ensemble approach for supporting the respiratory isolation of presumed tuberculosis inpatients.
Adaptive System to Support Decision-making of Dairy Ecosystem in Boyacá Department.
Transparent Adaptation of e-Science Applications for Parallel and Cycle-Sharing Infrastructures.
A computational pipeline for quantification of mouse myocardial stiffness parameters.
Collaborative Value Modelling in corporate contexts with MACBETH.
E-Business Maturity - Constraints Associated With Their Evolution.
Efficient algorithm for transferring a real-time HEVC stream with haptic data through the internet.
A Theoretical Framework for Consumer E-Satisfaction and Site Stickiness - An Evaluation in the Context of Online Hotel Reservations.
On-the-field simulation of fertilizer spreading - Part 2 - Uniformity investigation.
On the Spatiotemporal Characteristics of Class-Discriminating Functional Networks.
Procedures for searching local solutions of linear differential systems with infinite power series in the role of coefficients.
A Highly Accelerated Parallel Multi-GPU based Reconstruction Algorithm for Generating Accurate Relative Stopping Powers.
Passively recognising human activities through lifelogging.
Lessons from an Online Stop-Smoking Intervention - Adaptations for Mobile Implementation.
Probabilistic generalization of formal concepts.
Features of optical interconnects in distributed-shared memory organized MIMD architectures - the ultimate goal.
Unconscious Patterns in Argument - Fractal Dimension in Oratory.
CASPER - computer-aided segmentation of imperceptible motion - a learning-based tracking of an invisible needle in ultrasound.
The Challenge of e-Health Presence on a Petroleum Platform - Using Telemedicine to Make Operation of Pre-Salt Wells a Reality.
 Needs.
High-level brokerage services for the e-learning domain.
Faculty Simulation Management Using Second Life.
Extending Nurse Practitioner Care Using the Virtual Reality World of Second Life.
s introduction.
Open government and e-government - Democratic challenges from a public value perspective.
Registration of thermal and visible light images of diseased plants using silhouette extraction in the wavelet domain.
Detection and grading of prostate cancer using temporal enhanced ultrasound - combining deep neural networks and tissue mimicking simulations.
Understanding Complex Natural Systems by Articulating Structure-Behavior-Function Models.
Breath holding reveals differences in fMRI BOLD signal in children and adults.
Clear-Cut Detection in Swedish Boreal Forest Using Multi-Temporal ALOS PALSAR Backscatter Data.
Computing with Infinite Argumentation Frameworks - The Case of AFRAs.
A Window-Based, Server-Assisted P2P Network for VoD Services with QoE Guarantees.
Content Generation for Workforce Training.
On the Development of Totally Self-checking Hardware Design for the SHA-1 Hash Function.
STRBAC - An approach towards spatio-temporal role-based access control.
Robots that Talk and Listen Judith A. Markowitz (editor) (President of J. Markowitz, Consultants, Chicago, IL) Berlin/Boston/Munich - Walter de Gruyter, 2015, hardbound, ISBN 978-1-61451-603-3; PDF, e-ISBN 978-1-61451-440-4 EPUB; e-ISBN 978-1-61451-915-7.
Serious Games - A Concise Overview on What They Are and Their Potential Applications to Healthcare.
Iterative bias reduction - a comparative study.
A framework for dynamic classifier selection oriented by the classification problem difficulty.
Spatio-Temporal Queries for moving objects Data warehousing.
Encryption algorithm for efficient transmission of HEVC media.
Neonatal Brain Tissue Classification with Morphological Adaptation and Unified Segmentation.
A new low complexity iterative equalization architecture for high-speed receivers on highly dispersive channels - Decision feedforward equalizer (DFFE).
Pontos e linhas, pontes e retalhos - as experiências de implantação de tecnologias no domínio geográfico na vigilância vetorial para a dengue, em Recife e Santa Cruz do Capibaribe - PE.
Evolutionary-based tailoring of synthetic instances for the Knapsack problem.
COMT Val158Met genotype is associated with fluctuations in working memory performance - converging evidence from behavioural and single-trial P3b measures.
A Survey of the Connected Vehicle Landscape - Architectures, Enabling Technologies, Applications, and Development Areas.
Neuroimaging of the Philadelphia Neurodevelopmental Cohort.
A scalable and near-optimal representation of access schemes for memory management.
A convex hull-based data selection method for data driven models.
Ferramentas de Medição de Software - Um Estudo Comparativo.
An Uncertain Reasoning Approach with Application to Satellite Fault Detection.
Application of an Uncertain Reasoning Approach to Software Aging Detection.
Contact-Based Bridge Inspection Multirotors - Design, Modeling, and Control Considering the Ceiling Effect.
Resource management system for scientific virtual laboratory applications.
Recursive Subgoals Discovery Based on the Functional Systems Theory.
Universal access in e-voting for the blind.
Graphical Description of Soft Fault on Manufacturing Systems Using FDI Strategy - a SCL Approach.
Real time Haptic data transferring.
Distributed generation long-term planning for voltage profile enhancements using optimal hourly operation conditions.
Active viral marketing - Incorporating continuous active seeding efforts into the diffusion model.
A closed-loop approach to antiretroviral therapies for HIV infection.
Communication problems between end-users and technicians through a Help Desk in a Health Information System.
On the non-randomness of maximum Lempel Ziv complexity sequences of finite size.
Controlling spacecraft landings with constantly and exponentially decreasing time-to-contact.
A Goodness of Fit Approach to the Class of Life Distributions with Unknown Age.
Single-server aggregation of a re-entrant flow line.
A framework to support development of Sign Language human-computer interaction - Building tools for effective information access and inclusion of the deaf.
Erfolg innovativer E-Carsharing-Geschäftsmodelle - E-Carsharing-Geschäftsmodell-, Elektromobilitäts- und Carsharing-Akzeptanz im öffentlichen Hochschulsektor.
Validating OPA with WECC Data.
Can structural MRI aid in clinical classification? A machine learning study in two independent samples of patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and healthy subjects.
 - towards a principled approach for incentives in mobile crowdsourcing.
The dimension of subcode-subfields of shortened generalized Reed-Solomon codes.
Fast response PKC-based broadcast authentication in wireless sensor networks.
Conformal Geometric Method for Voting.
Wafer-scale nanostructure formation inside vertical nano-pores.
Automated diagnosis of Age-related Macular Degeneration using greyscale features from digital fundus images.
Enhancing clone-and-own with systematic reuse for developing software variants.
Optimized derivation of transfer functions and a software giving it. Application to biological systems.
Network reconstruction and error estimation with noisy network data.
Attitudes of E-Shoppers and Non E-Shoppers towards E-Shopping - A Comparative Study.
Reverse engineering of GWT applications.
A Curvilinear Search Using Tridiagonal Secant Updates for Unconstrained Optimization.
An Ontology Design Pattern for Surface Water Features.
Delivery, consistency, and determinism - rethinking guarantees in distributed stream processing.
BladeCenter chassis management.
Scale effects in uncertainty modeling of presettlement vegetation distribution.
Virtualization framework for energy efficient IoT networks.
Performance Analysis of Multi-Hop Broadcast Protocols for Distributed UAV Formation Control Applications.
Neuroscore - A Brain-inspired Evaluation Metric for Generative Adversarial Networks.
s Concepts and Basic Laws.
Interference-oriented carrier assignment in wireless communications.
Patterns of Evolution in the Practice of Distributed Software Development - Quantitative Results from a Systematic Review.
Security and privacy of big data for social networking services in cloud.
Building a framework for site-based data curation.
Optical Fiber 3D Shape Sensor for Motion Capture.
CreaTools - A Framework to Develop Medical Image Processing Software - Application to Simulate Pipeline Stent Deployment in Intracranial Vessels with Aneurysms.
Quadrotor Thrust Vectoring Control with Time and Jerk Optimal Trajectory Planning in Constant Wind Fields.
ImageJ2 - ImageJ for the next generation of scientific image data.
Neural computation as adaptive association process in cortical sensorial maps.
Automatic Classification of Radiological Report for Intracranial Hemorrhage.
Availability Modelling of Software-Defined Backbone Networks.
Earth Observation Actionable Information Supporting Disaster Risk Reduction Efforts in a Sustainable Development Framework.
DSS 2.0 - Supporting Decision Making with New Technologies, Proceedings of the IFIP TC8/Working Group 8.3 Conference, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France, June 2014
Survey on hardware implementations of visual object trackers.
The evolution of requirements practices in software startups.
HyperNEAT for Locomotion Control in Modular Robots.
Rough sets and topological spaces based on similarity.
Bootstrap clustering approaches for organization of data - Application in improving grade separability in cervical neoplasia.
On the design of wireless sensor networks for autonomous heliostats in Solar Tower Power Plants.
A Hybrid System for Automatic Infant Cry Recognition II.
Self-Adaptive Mutation in On-line, On-board Evolutionary Robotics.
An alternative for the implementation of 40-km reach Ethernet at 400 Gb/s using an 8×50 Gb/s PHY at 1310 nm with SOA pre-amplification.
Softness Comparison of Stabilization Control in Remote Robot System with Force Feedback.
Enhancing Clustering by Exploiting Complementary Data Modalities in the Medical Domain.
Using U-Pace instruction to improve the academic performance of economically disadvantaged undergraduates.
The Implementation of the Precision Oncology Data Repository in the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System.
Taxonomy Development and Its Impact on a Self-learning e-Recruitment System.
Task based segmentation in personalising e-government services.
Optimizing voting classification using cluster analysis on medical diagnosis data.
Variable structure robot control systems - The RAPP approach.
Ultra High Speed SHA-256 Hashing Cryptographic Module for IPSec Hardware/Software Codesign.
Learning without coding.
Nonrigid registration algorithm for longitudinal breast MR images and the preliminary analysis of breast tumor response.
pK a measurements for the SAMPL6 prediction challenge for a set of kinase inhibitor-like fragments.
Touch, E-textiles and Participation - Using E-textiles to Facilitate Hands-On Making Workshops with Blind and Visually-Impaired People.
iBIOMES - Managing and Sharing Biomolecular Simulation Data in a Distributed Environment.
Ensemble-Based Systems to Monitor Algal Bloom With Remote Sensing.
Energy and Spectral Efficiencies Trade-off with Filter Optimization in Multiple Access Interference-Aware
Control Contraction Metrics - Differential L2 Gain and Observer Duality.
Fast truncation of mode ranks for bilinear tensor operations.
The Coupled Atom Transistor - A first realization with shallow donors implanted in a FDSOI silicon nanowire.
Modeling reaction time within a traffic simulation model.
Output-Feedback Control of Nonlinear Systems using Control Contraction Metrics and Convex Optimization.
Simulation of Mutually Coupled Oscillators Using Nonlinear Phase Macromodels.
Comparison of Model Based Predictive Control and Fuzzy Logic Control of a DFIG with an Indirect Matrix Converter.
The Impact of Distributed Generation on Power Transmission Grid Dynamics.
Surrogate models for enhancing the efficiency of neuroevolution in reinforcement learning.
Towards Robust Learning with Different Label Noise Distributions.
Structured matrices and tensors.
A Mixed Finite Element Method for Nearly Incompressible Multiple-Network Poroelasticity.
Low-rank approximation in the numerical modeling of the Farley-Buneman instability in ionospheric plasma.
Analysis of Data from a Corporate Prediction Market.
Resilience support in software-defined networking - A survey.
A practical method for solving large-scale TRS.
A new approach to dictionary-based nonnegative matrix factorization.
Development of a custom keyboard for extended use in salt water.
Correcting Specular Noise in Multiple Images of Photographed Documents.
On predictive density estimation for location families under integrated squared error loss.
YOLO-FD - YOLO for Face Detection.
Spatial Filtering Pipeline Evaluation of Cortically Coupled Computer Vision System for Rapid Serial Visual Presentation.
The Wireless Readiness Innovation Index - Enhancing the Effectiveness of the Public Sector in New Service Introduction.
Impact of Advertisements during Channel Zapping on Quality of Experience.
Interhemispheric functional connectivity in the zebra finch brain, absent the corpus callosum in normal ontogeny.
Affective impact of navigational and signaling aids to e-learning.
Implementation of Elliptic Curve Crypto-System to Secure Digital Images over Ultra-Wideband Systems Using FPGA.
Improving Information Spread through a Scheduled Seeding Approach.
Spectra of networks containing short loops.
Demo abstract - towards extracting semantics by visualizing large traceroute datasets.
Mapping between X.400(1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC 822.
Analysis operator learning for overcomplete cosparse representations.
Surface science issues in plasma etching.
High-level simulation of a PID controller based on memristor.
Fast time-domain simulation for reliable fault detection.
MIPLIB 2010.
Noise Reduction in AC-Coupled Amplifiers.
The qualitative parameters of chemical processes being unmeasurable by flow devices - Real-time estimation methods.
Inter-organizational collaboration and performance of state e-government portals in Mexico.
Real-Time Predictive Control Strategy Optimization.
Mobility as the Main Enabler of Opportunistic Data Dissemination in Urban Scenarios.
Detecting Design Level Anti-patterns; Structure and Semantics in UML Class Diagrams.
Open government and e-government - democratic challenges from a public value perspective.
Parallel radio-wave propagation modeling with image-based ray tracing techniques.
The Evolution of Cell-to-Cell Communication in a Sporulating Bacterium.
An Estimator of Propagation of Cascading Failure.
The effects of mathematics instruction using spatial temporal cognition on teacher efficacy and instructional practices.
Extracting the Cole-Cole Model Parameters of Tissue-mimicking Materials.
Compact Four-Stub Coupler.
PANORAMA - An approach to performance modeling and diagnosis of extreme-scale workflows.
Biosensors as Emerging Market - Obstacles to Implement - Russian Case.
A DDS-based middleware for scalable tracking, communication and collaboration of mobile nodes.
CMOS RF class-E power amplifier with power control.
Comparing encodings for performance and phenotypic exploration in evolving modular robots.
Measuring the Quality of Model-Driven Projects with NDT-Quality.
Chracterization of forest opacity using multi-angular emssion and backscatter data.
Multiple sensor integration for seizure onset detection in human patients comparing conventional disc versus novel tripolar concentric ring electrodes.
Impact of the power amplifier on the performance of the single carrier frequency division multiple access system.
BoostNet - Bootstrapping detection of socialbots, and a case study from Guatemala.
NTCS - A real time flow-based network traffic classification system.
A Set of Tools for Traffic Modeling, Analysis and Experimentation.
F l u χ - a quality-driven dataflow model for data intensive computing.
Exact and Approximate Solutions for a Class of Infinite Markovian Models.
Moving object detection with laser scanners.
Spectral transformations of measures supported on the unit circle and the Szegö transformation.
A dual controllability analysis of influenza virus-host protein-protein interaction networks for antiviral drug target discovery.
Fate agent evolutionary algorithms with self-adaptive mutation.
Towards Situation-Aware Mobile Applications in Mental Health.
Safe and Distributed Kinodynamic Replanning for Vehicular Networks.
Default-mode function and task-induced deactivation have overlapping brain substrates in children.
Early-season mapping of crops and cultural operations using very high spatial resolution Pléiades images.
Fusing information from tickets and alerts to improve the incident resolution process.
Multi-objective optimization for inspection planning using NSGA-II.
Case Studies and Results on the Introduction of GPRS in Legacy Cellular Infrastructures.
A priority-ordered constrained search technique for optimal distributed generation allocation in radial distribution feeder systems.
Challenges in Educational Modelling - Expressiveness of IMS Learning Design.
An enhanced power flow solution algorithm for radial distribution feeder systems.
Towards efficient group management and communication for large-scale mobile applications.
E-government Benchmarking in European Union - A Multicriteria Extreme Ranking Approach.
Corrosion Potential Sensor for Remote Monitoring of Civil Structure Based on Printed Circuit Board Sensor.
Transmitter Output Impedance Calibration Method.
Safeguarding from abuse by IoT vendors - Edge messages verification of cloud-assisted equipment.
Fast frequency support control in the GB power system using VSC-HVDC technology.
Learning Hybrid Models with Guarded Transitions.
Multiset Genetic Algorithm Approach to Grid Resource Allocation.
Proceedings of the Fourth International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems, BCSS 2016, co-located with the 11th International Conference on Persuasive Technology (PERSUASIVE 2016), Salzburg, Austria, April 5, 2016.
Improving disk array reliability through faster repairs (Extended abstract).
Encoder-independent decoder-dependent depth-assisted error concealment algorithm for wireless 3D video communication.
Improved Sequential Quadratic Programming approach for optimal Distribution Generation sizing in distribution networks.
Multiple Pinch-Off Points in Memristive Equations - Analysis and Experiments.
Efficient multi-level security for robust 3D color-plus-depth HEVC.
Spike Train SIMilarity Space (SSIMS) - A Framework for Single Neuron and Ensemble Data Analysis.
Comparison of volumetric registration algorithms for tensor-based morphometry.
An overview of offshore wind electric energy resources.
Naming and Structuring Guidelines for X.500 Directory Pilots.
Lower bounds on the redundancy in computations from random oracles via betting strategies with restricted wagers.
Evidence for a motor and a non-motor domain in the human dentate nucleus - An fMRI study.
Distributing Coalition Value Calculations to Coalition Members.
Ultra-High-Speed Traveling-Wave-Based Protection Scheme for Medium-Voltage DC Microgrids.
An Evaluation of the Rates of Repeat Notifiable Disease Reporting and Patient Crossover Using a Health Information Exchange-based Automated Electronic Laboratory Reporting System.
An Empirical Study of Facilitation of Computer-Mediated Distributed Requirements Negotiations.
An Iterated Local Search Approach for Multiple Itinerary Planning in Mobile Agent-Based Sensor Fusion.
Assessing Today - Determining the Decision Value of Decision Support Systems.
Internet-QoE 2019 - 4th Internet-QoE Workshop on QoE-based Analysis and Management of Data Communication Networks.
Using machine learning and small area estimation to predict building-level municipal solid waste generation in cities.
s Omega.
Optimal redundancy in computations from random oracles.
Pointed computations and Martin-Löf randomness.
Cognitive Computation - An Exact Bayesian Inference Stochastic Machine.
e systems.
Differences of halting probabilities.
The in-silico lab-on-a-chip - petascale and high-throughput simulations of microfluidics at cell resolution.
Improving MBSE models using human performance simulation.
Computing halting probabilities from other halting probabilities.
Mapping up-to-Date Paddy Rice Extent at 10 M Resolution in China through the Integration of Optical and Synthetic Aperture Radar Images.
Impact of Selective Mapping Strategies on Automated Laboratory Result Notification to Public Health Authorities.
A Frequency-Selective I/Q Imbalance Analysis Technique.
Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care, HealthMedia@MM 2018, Seoul, Republic of Korea, October 22, 2018
Preservation and Gamification of Traditional Sports.
Ring Algorithms for Scheduling in Grid Systems.
MultiMedia Modeling - 24th International Conference, MMM 2018, Bangkok, Thailand, February 5-7, 2018, Proceedings, Part II
Real-Time Compressive Sensing MRI Reconstruction Using GPU Computing and Split Bregman Methods.
MultiMedia Modeling - 24th International Conference, MMM 2018, Bangkok, Thailand, February 5-7, 2018, Proceedings, Part I
Few-shot hypercolumn-based mitochondria segmentation in cardiac and outer hair cells in focused ion beam-scanning electron microscopy (FIB-SEM) data.
The interval Shapley value of an M/M/1 service system.
Open Targets - a platform for therapeutic target identification and validation.
Achieving Security Assurance with Assertion-based Application Construction.
Mobile Music Touch - Vibration stimulus in hand rehabilitation.
 roaming beats recognition for estimating care activities in a nursing home.
Differences of halting probabilities.
Cloud Computing for High Performance Image Analysis on a National Infrastructure.
Improving the Associative Rule Chaining Architecture.
Simulation of the approximate solutions of the time-fractional multi-term wave equations.
 performance? A study comprising the fields of clinical nephrology and neurosciences.
L Band Brightness Temperature Observations over a Corn Canopy during the Entire Growth Cycle.
Use of Multi-agent Based Platform for Providing Document-Centric Interoperability in the Realm of E-government.
Robust Background Modeling and Foreground Detection using Dynamic Textures.
Automated Probabilistic Reconstruction of White-Matter Pathways in Health and Disease Using an Atlas of the Underlying Anatomy.
Towards Visualization of Feature Interactions in Software Product Lines.
Evaluating the Potential of Cognitive Rehabilitation with Mixed Reality.
From SCORM to Common Cartridge - A step forward.
Pesquisa, desenvolvimento e inovação em tecnologias da informação e comunicação - Lei de Informática e incentivos fiscais à luz das novas teorias regulatórias.
Visualization for Software Product Lines - A Systematic Mapping Study.
A System-Wide Approach to Physician Efficiency and Utilization Rates for Non-Operating Room Anesthesia Sites.
A Support Vector Machine Seismic Detector for Early-Warning Applications.
Speed Increasing of FOE Calculation in Autonomous Vehicle Control Systems.
Red Fish Blue Fish - Reexamining Student Understanding of the Computing Disciplines.
A Long Short-Term Memory deep learning network for the prediction of epileptic seizures using EEG signals.
 - further evidence from e-crime data.
Process Models for Universally Verifiable Elections.
Cognitively-inspired homeostatic architecture can balance conflicting needs in robots.
Validating Passive Localization Methods for Occupancy Sensing Systems in Wireless Environments - A Case Study.
e-Human Grid Ecology - Understanding and Approaching the Inverse Tragedy of the Commons in the e-Grid Society.
An Intrusion Detection Method for Line Current Differential Relays.
Analysis to Establish Differences in Efficiency Metrics Between Operating Room and Non-Operating Room Anesthesia Cases.
Visualizing the ill-posedness of the inversion of a canopy radiative transfer model - A case study for Sentinel-2.
Design and Implementation of a Modular Biomimetic Infochemical Communication System.
Enabling Atrial Fibrillation Detection Using a Weight Scale.
A 2.3-mW, 5-Gb/s Low-Power Decision-Feedback Equalizer Receiver Front-End and its Two-Step, Minimum Bit-Error-Rate Adaptation Algorithm.
Who else could participate in my lesson plans?
Interoperabilidade e mapeamentos entre sistemas de organização do conhecimento na busca e recuperação de informações em saúde - estudo de caso em ortopedia e traumatologia.
Sub-sampling - Real-time vision for micro air vehicles.
Micro-Net - A unified model for segmentation of various objects in microscopy images.
Improved image segmentation algorithms for detecting types of acute lymphatic leukaemia.
Null controllability of some nonlinear degenerate 1D parabolic equations.
Building Platform as a Service for High Performance Computing over an Opportunistic Cloud Computing.
Improving the environmental impact of wastewater discharges with a specific simulation-optimization software.
Cell-phone based model for the automatic classification of coffee beans defects using white patch.
Alignment strength and correlation for graphs.
Computer vision grading system for physical quality evaluation of green coffee beans.
Szegő transformations and rational spectral transformations for associated polynomials.
A Heuristic Approach for On-line Discovery of Unidentified Spatial Clusters from Grid-Based Streaming Algorithms.
Ten Years of PLoS‡ Computational Biology - A Decade of Appreciation and Innovation.
Two-Phase Slug Flow Characterization Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Computer vision syndrome and visual function in computer users workers of a public university hospital in São Paulo - prevalence and associated factors (Síndrome da visão do computador e função visual em trabalhadores usuários de computador de um hospital público universitário de São Paulo - prevalência e fatores associados).
Digital footprints - Using WiFi probe and locational data to analyze human mobility trajectories in cities.
Emerging White-Collar Robotics - The Case of Watson Analytics.
Promoting behavior change through community-generated digital video.
Performance Modelling and Analysis of the TXOP Scheme in Wireless Multimedia Networks with Heterogeneous Stations.
Exploring multimodal data fusion through joint decompositions with flexible couplings.
Cyber Security and the Role of Intelligent Systems in Addressing its Challenges.
Developing a Testing Procedure to Select Model Updating Methods.
Modeling of Collaborative Production Systems using Coloured Petri Nets.
Research and applications - Effects of health information exchange adoption on ambulatory testing rates.
Standards for graph algorithm primitives.
A Sparsity-Aware MOR Methodology for Fast and Accurate Timing Analysis of VLSI Interconnects.
Protein Ontology (PRO) - enhancing and scaling up the representation of protein entities.
Activated Current Sensing Circuit for Resistive Neuromorphic Networks.
C-store - a column-oriented DBMS.
A Robust Real-Time Automatic License Plate Recognition Based on the YOLO Detector.
Decision Support with Big Data - A Case Study in the Hospitality Industry.
Research of tubular plate nickel-cadmium battery characteristics during developing of hybrid power source based on SOFC.
Efficient Circuit Reduction in Limited Frequency Windows.
COLLINARUS - collection of image-derived non-linear attributes for registration using splines.
Closed Newton-Cotes trigonometrically-fitted formulae of high order for long-time integration of orbital problems.
Single Sensor Techniques for Sleep Apnea Diagnosis Using Deep Learning.
A novel algorithm for inverting a general k-tridiagonal matrix.
A emersão da interdisciplinaridade no ensino médio politécnico - relações que se estabelecem de forma colaborativa na qualificação dos processos de ensino e aprendizagem à luz das tecnologias de informação e comunicação.
Toward a Machine Intelligence Layer for Diverse Industrial IoT Use Cases.
Decentralize and Randomize - Faster Algorithm for Wasserstein Barycenters.
A neuroevolutive approach to the normal/abnormal classification in digital MR brain images.
Interactive Task Learning.
Sensemaking and Storytelling - Network Security Strategies for Collaborative Groups.
Toward Mobile Robots Reasoning Like Humans.
 Specific Privacy Concerns Regarding Personal Health Information.
Field Performance Comparison of IEEE 802.11b and HomePlug 1.0.
A New Learning Strategy for Complex-Valued Neural Networks Using Particle Swarm Optimization.
Efficient audio integrity verification algorithm using discrete cosine transform.
STING Millennium - a web-based suite of programs for comprehensive and simultaneous analysis of protein structure and sequence.
E-Democracy - Privacy-Preserving, Secure, Intelligent E-Government Services - 7th International Conference, E-Democracy 2017, Athens, Greece, December 14-15, 2017, Proceedings
Cooperation and Competition among Energy Storages.
New ℋ2 Filter for Uncertain Singular Systems Using Strict LMIs.
MERA - A Micro-Economic Routing Algorithm for Wireless Sensor Networks.
Inconsistency tolerance in weighted argument systems.
Spinal cord direct current stimulation - finite element analysis of the electric field and current density.
Multi-scale analysis of the dynamics of brain functional connectivity using EEG.
An uncertainty inequality.
Data Harmonization Barriers for Post Marketing Surveillance of Medications.
Managing Citizen Profiles in the Domain of e-Government - The cPortfolio Project.
Optimal Recognition Model Based on Convolutional Neural Networks and Fuzzy Gravitational Search Algorithm Method.
.
SportsStuff.com - A Case Study on XML Technologies, e-Business Processes, and Accounting Information Systems.
Monitoring and Mining Digital Media for Brand and Reputation Information.
Recent advances delivered by Mobile Cloud Computing and Internet of Things for Big Data applications - a survey.
A Novel Machine Learning Data Preprocessing Method for Enhancing Classification Algorithms Performance.
Visual Homing for Micro Aerial Vehicles Using Scene Familiarity.
The impact of open educational resources in teacher activities. A perception survey.
Generalized Self-concordant Hessian-barrier algorithms.
Web-based Support for Population-based Medical Research - Presenting the QuON Survey System.
Usage of lowpass filters for miniaturization of microstrip branch-line hybrid couplers.
Improving Task Performance through High Level Shared Control of Multiple Robots with a Context Aware Human-Robot Interface.
Applying HOL/PBL to Prepare Undergraduate Students into Graduate Level Studies in the Field of Aerospace Engineering Using the Puerto Rico CubeSat Project Initiative.
DCU Linking Runs at MediaEval 2012 Search and Hyperlinking Task.
Robust Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Control with Arbitrarily Small Boundary Layer.
An empirical analysis of mobile Internet acceptance in Chile.
Data hiding based on image texture classification.
Parameter optimization of a multiscale descriptor for shape analysis on healthcare image datasets.
Performance Evaluation of SAC-OCDMA System in Free Space Optics and Optical Fiber System Based on Different Types of Codes.
Towards fully automated identification of vesicle-membrane fusion events in TIRF microscopy.
Structural and Energetic Analysis of 2-Aminobenzimidazole Inhibitors in Complex with the Hepatitis C Virus IRES RNA Using Molecular Dynamics Simulations.
Local Network Protection for IPv6.
On Extracting Feature Models from Sets of Valid Feature Combinations.
Fragment-Based Drug Discovery Using a Multidomain, Parallel MD-MM/PBSA Screening Protocol.
Comprehensive QoS analysis of enhanced distributed channel access in wireless local area networks.
Competition through selective inhibitory synchrony
A digitally-calibrated 10GS/s reconfigurable flash ADC in 65-nm CMOS.
2nd IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Context for Software Development, CSD 2015, Florence, Italy, May 19, 2015
Hyperspectral image coding and transmission scheme based on wavelet transform and distributed source coding.
Selective costing ensemble for handling imbalanced data sets.
Galaxy - A Gateway to Tools in e-Science.
Do Brain Networks Evolve by Maximizing Their Information Flow Capacity?
A hybrid optimization-agent-based model of REDD+ payments to households on an old deforestation frontier in the Brazilian Amazon.
e-Labs and the Stock of Health Method for Simulating Health Policies.
Combining SMAP and Sentinel data for high-resolution Soil Moisture product.
How H-Bonding Affects Aromaticity of the Ring in Variously Substituted Phenol Complexes with Bases. 4. Molecular Geometry as a Source of Chemical Information.
Towards ultrasound hyperthermia safe treatments using computational intelligence techniques.
The mouse Gene Expression Database (GXD) - 2017 update.
Anti-jamming performance of wide band multi-user using chaos modulation techniques.
Phase-type distributions for studying variability in resistive memories.
Emerging Service Provider Scenarios for IPv6 Deployment.
Spectral embedding-based registration (SERg) for multimodal fusion of prostate histology and MRI.
Increasing interactivity in IPTV using MPEG-21 descriptors.
Rapid anatomical brain imaging using spiral acquisition and an expanded signal model.
Accurate health estimates from HUMS vibration data.
The CATH Domain Structure Database and related resources Gene3D and DHS provide comprehensive domain family information for genome analysis.
Inexact Gradient Projection and Fast Data Driven Compressed Sensing.
e-Science Infrastructure Interoperability Guide - The Seven Steps Toward Interoperability for e-Science.
The Impact of Local Power Balance and Link Reliability on Blackout Risk in Heterogeneous Power Transmission Grids.
Bank of leak diagnosis algorithms for pressurized pipelines.
Usando Modelos de Requisito em Tempo de Execução - Potencial e Desafios.
Social Robot Paradigms - An Overview.
An Active Learning Based Classification Strategy for the Minority Class Problem - Application to Histopathology Annotation.
Support Vector Machines and Neural Networks as Marker Selectors in Cancer Gene Analysis.
Acoustic features to characterize sentence accent production in dysarthric speech.
Multiagent Supervisory Control for Power Management in DC Microgrids.
On-line Evolution of Foraging Behaviour in a Population of Real Robots.
Iron ore production scheduling to improve product quality.
Software comparison for evaluating genomic copy number variation for Affymetrix 6.0 SNP array platform.
e-Science, the Way Leading to Modernization of Sciences and Technologies - e-Science Practice and Thought in Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Peer4Peer - e-Science Community for Network Overlay and Grid Computing Research.
Execution Model and Authoring Middleware Enabling Dynamic Adaptation in Educational Scenarios Scripted with PoEML.
Activity Inference for Ambient Intelligence Through Handling Artifacts in a Healthcare Environment.
Specifications of Twelve Early Computers Made in France.
Computer Sciences at the University of Grenoble.
Technological Barriers to Situational Awareness in Laboratory Testing.
1st IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Software Engineering for Smart Cyber-Physical Systems, SEsCPS 2015, Florence, Italy, May 17, 2015
Reduction of energy consumption of Video-on-Demand services using cache size optimization.
Exploring Computational Composite - An Approach To Sensorial Interaction.
Contextualized questioning to scaffold learning from simulations.
Fully automatic generation of anatomical face simulation models.
The Plasmodium Glutathione S-transferase - Bioinformatics Characterization and Classification into the Sigma Class.
Causes of Delivery-Time Variance in Maritime-Equipment Manufacturing Supply-Chains - An Empirical Study.
Design of a multi-purpose fragment screening library using molecular complexity and orthogonal diversity metrics.
Palliative Care from a Medical Informatics Perspective in Chile, Germany, and Peru.
Exclusão Digital das Pequenas e Médias Empresas Brasileiras - um olhar pela teoria de adoção das Tecnologias de Informação e Comunicação.
Managing Entire Lifecycles of e-Science Applications in the GridSpace2 Virtual Laboratory - From Motivation through Idea to Operable Web-Accessible Environment Built on Top of PL-Grid e-Infrastructure.
Event Reporting on Continuous Monitoring Wireless Sensor Networks.
Characterization of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Profiles by Multivariate Statistical Analysis.
On full rank differential systems with power series coefficients.
Exact and heuristic approaches to solve the Internet shopping optimization problem with delivery costs.
A Scheme of Resource Allocation and Stability for Peer-to-Peer File-Sharing Networks.
Event-Driven Trust Refreshment on Ambient Services.
Invasive weed optimization of swing-up control parameters for robot gymnast.
Application of supervisory control theory to theme park vehicles.
Where the Sidewalk Ends - Extending the Internet AS Graph Using Traceroutes from P2P Users.
Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Study of Genetically Correlated Neuroimaging Phenotypes from DTI and MRI through a Seemingly Unrelated Regression Model.
Automated Smart Wick System-Based Microfarm Using Internet of Things.
Incremental control and guidance of hybrid aircraft applied to the Cyclone tailsitter UAV.
Performance and energy consumption estimation for commercial off-the-shelf component system design.
A Fast Goal Recognition Technique Based on Interaction Estimates.
Empirical dynamic model identification for blood-glucose dynamics in response to physical activity.
= 1.
Mobile Mental Health - A Review of Applications for Depression Assistance.
Ecosystems in GitHub and a Method for Ecosystem Identification Using Reference Coupling.
Threshold concepts - designing a format for the flipped classroom as an active learning technique for crossing the threshold.
Synthetic aperture radar imaging with fractional Fourier transform and channel equalization.
Improving Video-Based Heart Rate Estimation.
Multi-spectral Infrared Computed Tomography.
Identification of core-periphery structure in networks.
A Novel Paradigm for Mining Cell Phenotypes in Multi-tag Bioimages Using a Locality Preserving Nonlinear Embedding.
edited by Claudia V. Angelelli and Holly E. Jacobson. Amsterdam/Philadelphia - John Benjamins Publishing Company, 2009. vi + 386 pp. $143.00 hardcover/e-book. ISBN 978-90-272-3190-1 (hardcover)/978-90-272 8902-5 (e-book).
Problem list problems - A look into data integrity.
Support and monitoring trajectory paths for vehicles using mobile devices.
Dynamic selection of classifiers - A comprehensive review.
Path-Planning for RTS Games Based on Potential Fields.
Exploiting contextual data for event retrieval in surveillance video.
AccessMRS - Integrating OpenMRS with Smart Forms on Android.
Accelerated Learning in the Presence of Time Varying Features with Applications to Machine Learning and Adaptive Control.
An On-Line On-Board Distributed Algorithm for Evolutionary Robotics.
Grammar-based generation of variable-selection heuristics for constraint satisfaction problems.
Arbitrary references output tracking in linear systems.
Image deconvolution using homomorphic technique.
Urban phenology - Toward a real-time census of the city using Wi-Fi data.
CT metal artifact reduction by soft inequality constraints.
Primary User Emulation in Cognitive Radio-Enabled WSNs for Structural Health Monitoring - Modeling and Attack Detection.
FPGA-Based Acceleration of Pattern Matching in YARA.
s Accelerated Mobile Project.
A New Labelling Algorithm for Generating Preferred Extensions of Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
Semantic Disclosure in an e-Science Environment.
Fuzzy inference system for region segmentation using the YCbCr color model.
The Transcriptome Analysis and Comparison Explorer - T-ACE - a platform-independent, graphical tool to process large RNAseq datasets of non-model organisms.
A Neuro-evolutionary Hyper-heuristic Approach for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Design of an HMI electrical impedance tomography system based on off-the-shelf components.
Green2.0 - Enabling Complex Interactions Between Buildings and People.
Federating Policy-Driven Autonomous Systems - Interaction Specification and Management Patterns.
Determination of photoelectric parameters of hydrogenated amorphous silicon by the photo electromotive-force technique.
Transformation between Attribute-Based Encryption and Key-Aggregate Cryptosystem.
19 Chairs.
On the Use of Graphs for Node Connectivity in Wireless Sensor Networks for Hostile Environments.
High contrast distributed Bragg reflectors based on Si - H/SiC - H PECVD multilayer structure.
Introduction to New Economic Models of the Digital Economy Minitrack.
A learning-based approach to artificial sensory feedback.
Maximally permissive coordinated distributed supervisory control of nondeterministic discrete-event systems.
The Impact of Datafication on Service Systems.
Capacity estimation of optical wireless communication systems over moderate to strong turbulence channels.
Analyzing Distribution Transformers at City Scale and the Impact of EVs and Storage.
Enabling a ubiquitous and cloud manufacturing foundation with field-level service-oriented architecture.
CA-DAG - Modeling Communication-Aware Applications for Scheduling in Cloud Computing.
 web).
Induction Methods Paradoxicality.
The Zebrafish Model Organism Database - new support for human disease models, mutation details, gene expression phenotypes and searching.
The impact of the bin packing problem structure in hyper-heuristic performance.
A Qualitative Exploration of the DIGCOMP Digital Competence Framework - Attitudes of students, academics and administrative staff in the health faculty of a UK HEI.
PheMaDB - A solution for storage, retrieval, and analysis of high throughput phenotype data.
Investigating customer satisfaction dimensions with service quality of online auctions - an empirical investigation of e-Bay.
Improving Medication Adherence for Chronic Disease Using Integrated e-Technologies.
Real-Time Gesture Recognition Based On Motion Quality Analysis.
A Novel Load Flow Algorithm for Islanded AC/DC Hybrid Microgrids.
Network motifs emerge from interconnections that favor stability.
An Empirical Study of the Attention in the Interface of Learning Management System.
Automation and applications of the tolerance limit method in estimating meat withdrawal periods for veterinary drugs.
A parallel hybrid optimization algorithm for fitting interatomic potentials.
A unified spectra analysis workflow for the assessment of microbial contamination of ready-to-eat green salads - Comparative study and application of non-invasive sensors.
Hardware-in-the-loop Set-up for Supervisory Controllers with an Application - the Prinses Marijke Complex.
Evaluation of workflow management technology for the co-ordination of telework.
New approaches to genomic analysis using single molecules.
BioJava - an open-source framework for bioinformatics in 2012.
Appraisal of an enhanced Particale Filter for object tracking.
Using Performance-Power Modeling to Improve Energy Efficiency of HPC Applications.
Statistical approach for figurative sentiment analysis on Social Networking Services - a case study on Twitter.
Collaborative scientific inquiry in a simulated laboratory.
A Value Map for Communication Systems in Construction.
s analysis in e-learning software process development.
An empirical analysis of the antecedents of e-satisfaction and e-loyalty - focusing on the role of flow and its antecedents.
Hydrogen Sulfide Detection in the Midinfrared Using a 3D-Printed Resonant Gas Cell.
The upper atmospheric research collaboratory.
Duality for Closed Convex Functions and Evenly Convex Functions.
A way of Supporting Non-Arabic Speakers in Identifying Arabic Letters and Reading Arabic script in our new E-Learning System.
Toward an Understanding of Culture and the Performance of Teams in Complex Systems.
A Chemoemitter System Mimicking Chemical Communication in Insects.
Compositional Restricted Multiple Access Channel.
Metaheuristics for assortment problems with multiple quality levels.
Development of an innovative information system - a fish identification e-key with update capabilities.
Performance and Power Characteristics and Optimizations of Hybrid MPI/OpenMP LULESH Miniapps under Various Workloads.
Traffic anomaly diagnosis in Internet backbone networks - A survey.
HistDoc v. 2.0 - enhancing a platform to process historical documents.
Effect of germane in gas phase on electronic properties of GeXSiY - H alloys deposited by RF plasma discharge.
Automatically Discriminating between Digital and Scanned Photographs.
Technical review.
P-stable Eighth Algebraic Order Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
Free flight force estimation of a 23.5 g flapping wing MAV using an on-board IMU.
Fostering innovation in engineering undergraduate courses in Brazil.
Integrated exploration using time-based potential rails.
Assessment of cerebral perfusion in post-traumatic brain injury patients with the use of ICG-bolus tracking method.
Parametric Curve Reconstruction from Point Clouds using Minimization Techniques.
Smart distribution systems stakeholders analysis and the effects on long-term planning.
Lavoisier - High-Level Selection and Preparation of Data for Analysis.
Analysis of Queuing Networks with Blocking under Active Queue Management Scheme.
E-Voting and Identity - 5th International Conference, VoteID 2015, Bern, Switzerland, September 2-4, 2015, Proceedings
Towards an interdisciplinary perspective of training intervention for negotiations - Developing strategic negotiation support contents.
Nswap2L - Transparently Managing Heterogeneous Cluster Storage Resources for Fast Swapping.
Bottom-up methodology for predictive simulations of self-heating in aggressively scaled process technologies.
Collective stability of networks of winner-take-all circuits
FastRank - Practical lightweight tolerance to rational behavior in edge assisted streaming.
A bottom-up approach for tumour differentiation in whole slide images of lung adenocarcinoma.
A critical introduction to metadata for e-science and e-research.
 adoption of a website with infection control guidelines.
Machine learning for classifying tuberculosis drug-resistance from DNA sequencing data.
Validating the Access to an Electronic Health Record - Classification and Content Analysis of Access Logs.
Premotor cortex mediates perceptual performance.
An Integrated AMIS Prototype for Automated Summarization and Translation of Newscasts and Reports.
Prediction using hierarchical data - Applications for automated detection of cervical cancer.
Bridging the Gap between Software Variability and System Variant Management - Experiences from an Industrial Machinery Product Line.
Forest species recognition using macroscopic images.
On checking skeptical and ideal admissibility in abstract argumentation frameworks.
Pseudo-Labeling and Confirmation Bias in Deep Semi-Supervised Learning.
Essential Correction for IPv6 ABNF and URI Comparison in RFC 3261.
Improving information spread by spreading groups.
Graph spectra and the detectability of community structure in networks
Performance enhancement of IM/DD optical wireless systems.
Parallelization in time of numerical simulations of fully-developed plasma turbulence using the parareal algorithm.
Simulating Neurons in Reaction-Diffusion Chemistry.
vSolar - Virtualizing Community Solar and Storage for Energy Sharing.
Evaluation of the use of a computer software for the application of the Basso, Beattie e Bresnahan (BBB) scale in Wistar rats (Avaliação da utilização de um programa computadorizado para aplicação da escala de Basso, Beattie e Bresnahan (BBB) em ratos Wistar).
Multi-scale visual analysis of time-varying electrocorticography data via clustering of brain regions.
Assessing the impacts of digital government in the creation of public value.
Intelligent Middleware for Adaptive Sensing of Tennis Coaching Sessions.
Precise 3D Reconstruction of Cultural Objects Using Combined Multi-component Image Matching and Active Contours Segmentation.
Hessian Eigenfunctions for Triangular Mesh Parameterization.
 [NeuroImage 49 (2010) 2083-2093].
Multiple indicators of age-related differences in cerebral white matter and the modifying effects of hypertension.
3-D Human Body Posture Reconstruction by Computer Vision.
Automated Sentence Boundary Detection in Modern Standard Arabic Transcripts using Deep Neural Networks.
A Markovian model for TCP over ATM.
Creating Instructor Dashboards to Foster Collaborative Learning in On-Line Medical Problem-Based Learning Situations.
Experience with Approximations in the Trust-Region Parallel Direct Search Algorithm.
Randomized Similar Triangles Method - A Unifying Framework for Accelerated Randomized Optimization Methods (Coordinate Descent, Directional Search, Derivative-Free Method).
Multi-objective GA for Collision Avoidance on Robot Manipulators Based on Artificial Potential Field.
Modeling of single-ended interconnects using surrogate model and design of experiments techniques.
Application of particle swarm optimisation with backward calculation to solve a fuzzy multi-objective supply chain master planning model.
Principal components of wrist circumduction from electromagnetic surgical tracking.
Collaborative, Trusted and Privacy-Aware e/m-Services - 12th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2013, Athens, Greece, April 25-26, 2013. Proceedings
A local cooperative approach to solve large-scale constrained optimization problems.
Identifying an efficient and robust sub-shot segmentation method for home movie summarisation.
Cross-Lingual Speech-to-Text Summarization.
Nanoseconds Timing System Based on IEEE 1588 FPGA Implementation.
Network resilience with reusable management patterns.
Unique Decoding of General AG Codes
Estimation of Cardiopulmonary Parameters From Ultra Wideband Radar Measurements Using the State Space Method.
Organizational Knowledge Sharing through Mind Mapping.
Provable self-organizing pattern formation by a swarm of robots with limited knowledge.
Effectively Enforcing Authorization Constraints for Emerging Space-Sensitive Technologies.
External validation of the unified model of information systems continuance (UMISC) - An international comparison.
The PageRank algorithm as a method to optimize swarm behavior through local analysis.
A First Summarization System of a Video in a Target Language.
Um descritor robusto e eficiente de pontos de interesse - desenvolvimento e aplicações.
Abductive Neural Network Modeling for Hand Recognition Using Geometric Features.
Identificación y eliminación de generadores de baja confiabilidad en la captura de datos de un sistema M.E.S. en una empresa de alimentos en el Valle del Cauca.
Experiences and advances of electronic government in Latin America.
Modeling Meaningful Use as Utility in Emergency Medical Services.
Tensor ranks for the inversion of tensor-product binomials.
A new recursive algorithm for inverting general k-tridiagonal matrices.
An AODE-based intrusion detection system for computer networks.
The Murchison Widefield Array Correlator.
Induction motor model with imbalance and leakage saturation.
Software Engineering in Telehealth, an Extension of Sana Mobile Applied to the Process of a Routine Hospital.
New approaches to deriving parallel algorithms.
Correlations between FDG PET glucose uptake-MRI gray matter volume scores and apolipoprotein E ε4 gene dose in cognitively normal adults - A cross-validation study using voxel-based multi-modal partial least squares.
A review of research on e-marketplaces 1997-2008.
Computational analysis of the structural progression of human glomeruli in diabetic nephropathy.
Company information privacy orientation - a conceptual framework.
Glomerular detection and segmentation from multimodal microscopy images using a Butterworth band-pass filter.
Pattern Analysis in DNA Microarray Data through PCA-Based Gene Selection.
Library catalog as a tool for e-book discovery and access in patron-driven acquisition (PDA) - A Case Study.
Automated T1 bladder risk stratification based on depth of lamina propria invasion from H and E tissue biopsies - a deep learning approach.
Efficient coding techniques for ADO-OFDM in IM/DD systems.
Global and Adaptive Contrast Enhancement for Low Illumination Gray Images.
Automatic Segmentation of Microcalcification Clusters.
Economic Assessment of Thrombocytopenia - CATCH Registry.
Introducing the separable moments for image watermarking in a Tottaly moment-oriented framework.
MetaGenyo - a web tool for meta-analysis of genetic association studies.
 suburban Ghana.
Hypergeometric pattern matching summation in maple.
Tripal - a construction toolkit for online genome databases.
Prototype of Kepler Processing Workflows For Microscopy And Neuroinformatics.
Towards BioDBcore - a community-defined information specification for biological databases.
Response of Spectral Reflectances and Vegetation Indices on Varying Juniper Cone Densities.
IPv6 over Low-Power Wireless Personal Area Network (6LoWPAN) ESC Dispatch Code Points and Guidelines.
Evolving behavioral specialization in robot teams to solve a collective construction task.
A three-way parallel ICA approach to analyze links among genetics, brain structure and brain function.
Image Registration Methods for Patient-Specific Virtual Physiological Human Models.
Random Walks on the Reputation Graph.
Reliable identification of the auditory thalamus using multi-modal structural analyses.
Methods for identifying 30 chronic conditions - application to administrative data.
Selective principal component regression analysis of fluorescence hyperspectral image to assess aflatoxin contamination in corn.
Prostate segmentation in MRI using fused T2-weighted and elastography images.
Deep variational auto-encoders for unsupervised glomerular classification.
Automated Annotation of Landmark Images Using Community Contributed Datasets and Web Resources.
Numerical Eligibility Criteria in Clinical Protocols - Annotation, Automatic Detection and Interpretation.
Experimental demonstration of a dual-channel E-band communication link using commercial impulse radios with orbital angular momentum multiplexing.
A novel low-cost smart leaf wetness sensor.
A Mapping Study on Requirements Engineering in Agile Software Development.
Design of an E-band high power amplifier for wireless high data rate communications.
Virtual Machines Embedding for Cloud PON AWGR and Server Based Data Centres.
Demonstrating the scalability of a molecular dynamics application on a Petaflop computer.
Examining structural changes in diabetic nephropathy using inter-nuclear distances in glomeruli - a comparison of variously automated methods.
Massively Parallel Identification of Privacy-Preserving Vehicle RFID Tags.
Assessing the accuracy of macula detection methods in retinal images.
Acquisition of offshore engineering design skills on naval architecture master courses through potential flow CFD tools.
Recommended practices for computerized clinical decision support and knowledge management in community settings - a qualitative study.
Task Scheduling in Heterogeneous Computing Systems Using a MicroGA.
A new modulation technique for 15-level asymmetric inverter operating with minimum THD.
Towards Effective Verification of Multi-Model Access Control Properties.
Finite Control Set - Model Predictive Control applied to multicell rectifiers.
Fortran and C programs for the time-dependent dipolar Gross-Pitaevskii equation in an anisotropic trap.
Addendum to RFC 987 - (Mapping between X.400 and RFC-822).
High Performance GNR Power Gating for Low-Voltage CMOS Circuits.
s Method.
informativité des transcriptions - une approche basée sur le résumé automatique.
Reducing variability in micro-milling process using six sigma methodology.
Paradigm Shift in Education with the Use of e-Portfolio - Showcases of e-Portfolio at Work at the Various Levels of Education - Introduction and Showcase I - K-12 e-Portfolio Involving All Stakeholders.
An advanced virtual dance performance evaluator.
Performance Issues of Multimedia Applications.
Preface.
Conceptual Framework for Managing Uncertainty in a Collaborative Agri-Food Supply Chain Context.
Automatic multi-parametric MR registration method using mutual information based on adaptive asymmetric k-means binning.
A Universal Islanding Detection Technique for Distributed Generation Using Pattern Recognition.
Conditions and Emulation of Double Pinch-off Points in Fractional-order Memristor.
Building Graphs To Describe Dynamics, Kinetics, and Energetics in the d-ALa - d-Lac Ligase VanA.
Self-tracking and Persuasive eCoaching in Healthy Lifestyle Interventions - Work-in-progress Scoping Review of Key Components.
SciPy 1.0-Fundamental Algorithms for Scientific Computing in Python.
Preface.
An inductively coupled passive tag for remote basic volatile sensing.
Fault Type Classification in Microgrids Including Photovoltaic DGs.
Viewing Project Collaborators WhoWork on Interrelated Requirements.
Order Picking with Head-Up Displays.
Development of health diagnostics based on personalized medical models.
Connections Between Adaptive Control and Optimization in Machine Learning.
Syntactic Behaviors Driven by Lexical Semantics - A Study on geng (更) and hai (還) in Chinese Comparatives.
Load and locational marginal pricing prediction in competitive electrical power environment using computational intelligence.
The smallest eigenvalues of Hamming graphs, Johnson graphs and other distance-regular graphs with classical parameters.
D platform.
Reconciling Compressive Sampling Systems for Spectrally-sparse Continuous-time Signals
Work in Progress - A Protocol for the Collection, Analysis, and Interpretation of Log Data from eHealth Technology.
Damping inter-area oscillations using a static phase shifter.
s Motivational Capabilities.
Model-based Fault-tolerant Control to Guarantee the Performance of a Hybrid Wind-Diesel Power System in a Microgrid Configuration.
Multivariate and multiradial Schoenberg measures with their dimension walks.
Subzone-based nonlinear inversion scheme for viscoelastic tissue properties.
Automation Framework for Large-Scale Regular Expression Matching on FPGA.
Proposed hardware architectures of particle filter for object tracking.
Event study methodologies in information systems research.
Holographic Application of Endemic Origami Animals from the Galápagos Islands that Self-Folds.
Optimality gaps in asymptotic dimensioning of many-server systems.
WEBIST 2006, Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Web Information Systems and Technologies - Society, e-Business and e-Government / e-Learning, Setúbal, Portugal, April 11-13, 2006
Optimisation, security, privacy and trust in e-business systems.
Change data capture in NoSQL databases - A functional and performance comparison.
Passenger Anxiety when Seated in a Virtual Reality Self-Driving Car.
High accuracy numerical methods for the Gardner-Ostrovsky equation.
Introduction to the Issue on Person-Centered Signal Processing for Assistive, Rehabilitative, and Wearable Health Technologies.
Medical Imaging 2018 - Digital Pathology, Houston, Texas, United States, 10-15 February 2018
Tool support for the evaluation of anomaly traffic classification for network resilience.
A family of hyperchaotic multi-scroll attractors in Rn.
A multiple feature vector framework for forest species recognition.
Are All E-Commerce Negotiations Auctions?
Clustering Spectrum of hierarchical scale-free networks.
A preliminary empirical assessment of similarity for combinatorial interaction testing of software product lines.
Seesaw - rapid one-handed synchronous gesture interface for smartwatches.
Gait identification by convolutional neural networks and optical flow.
Untangling the world-wide mesh of undersea cables.
SURF and SURF-PI - a file format and API for non-intrusive load monitoring public datasets.
E-business standards in the international hospitality and tourism industry.
The role of communication content and reputation in the choice of transaction partners - A study based on field and laboratory data.
Sensor-Fusion System for Monitoring a CNC-Milling Center.
Adaptive prior probabilities via optimization of risk and entropy.
Throughput Upper Bound for Random Wireless Network.
Marker-Less Stage Drift Correction in Super-Resolution Microscopy Using the Single-Cluster PHD Filter.
Robust spectral analysis of thoraco-abdominal motion and oxymetry in obstructive sleep apnea.
Generalized type-2 fuzzy logic in response integration of modular neural networks.
Autoregressive modeling of analytical sensor data can yield classifiers in the predictor coefficient parameter space.
Managing Demand for Plug-in Electric Vehicles in Unbalanced LV Systems With Photovoltaics.
Fusion-based encryption scheme for cancelable fingerprint recognition.
Approximate Solutions for a Class of Non-Product Form Queueing Network Models.
A Decentralized Production and Distribution Planning Model in an Uncertain Environment.
A Survey of Big Data Machine Learning Applications Optimization in Cloud Data Centers and Networks.
Dynamic Allostery Mediated by a Conserved Tryptophan in the Tec Family Kinases.
ExpertDiscovery system application for the hierarchical analysis of eukaryotic transcription regulatory regions based on DNA codes of transcription.
A real-time approach for automatic defect detection from PCBs based on SURF features and morphological operations.
Symbolic methodology for numeric data mining.
Fast normalized cross correlation for motion tracking using basis functions.
Co-evolution of Metamodels and Models through Consistent Change Propagation.
Supporting the Co-evolution of Metamodels and Constraints through Incremental Constraint Management.
 adaptation in modern self-adaptive systems in the presence of uncertainty at runtime.
Building Families of Software Products for e-Learning Platforms - A Case Study.
Using natural language processing to identify problem usage of prescription opioids.
Towards BioDBcore - a community-defined information specification for biological databases.
Development of a coherent bistatic vegetation model for signal of opportunity applications at VHF/UHF-bands.
Service with an E-Smile - Employee Authenticity and Customer Usage of Web-Based Services.
Moment-based local image watermarking via genetic optimization.
Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Living with Inconsistencies in Software Development, LWI@ASE 2010, Antwerp, Belgium, September 21st, 2010
Lifespan Differences in Hematopoietic Stem Cells are Due to Imperfect Repair and Unstable Mean-Reversion.
RIPsec - Using reputation-based multilayer security to protect MANETs.
About Notations in Multiway Array Processing.
The digital divide and e-government services.
Helmet Detection on Motorcyclists Using Image Descriptors and Classifiers.
Preconditioners for Two-Phase Incompressible Navier-Stokes Flow.
EFMI Initiatives for Inter-Regional Cooperation - the TrEHRT Project.
Understanding exploratory creativity in a visual domain.
Trends on the application of serious games to neuropsychological evaluation - A scoping review.
s Esophagus.
Optimal power flow for converter-dominated AC/DC hybrid microgrids.
Building Consumer-to-Consumer Trust in E-Finance Marketplaces - An Empirical Analysis.
Bayesian analysis of neuroimaging data in FSL.
Source code metrics - A systematic mapping study.
Note on B-splines, wavelet scaling functions, and Gabor frames.
Can i wash it? - the effect of washing conductive materials usedin making textile based wearable electronic interfaces.
A comparative analysis of genetic algorithm and ant colony optimization to select attributes for an heterogeneous ensemble of classifiers.
X.500 Directory Monitoring MIB.
Network Services Monitoring MIB.
A B2C e-commerce intelligent system for re-engineering the e-order fulfilment process.
Mail Monitoring MIB.
IT Outsourcing - Assessing the Antecedents and Impacts of Knowledge Integration.
Resting-state functional connectivity in the human brain revealed with diffuse optical tomography.
Development and testing of a minimal model for a pressure compensated hydraulic cylinder control system.
Browsing Large Personal Multimedia Archives in a Lean-Back Environment.
Automatic Detection of Fovea in Retinal Images Using Fusion of Color Bands.
Comparison between Choquet and Sugeno integrals as aggregation operators for modular neural networks.
Characterizing E-service Economics based on E-contract and driven by E-value.
White matter microstructural abnormalities in girls with chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, Fragile X or Turner syndrome as evidenced by diffusion tensor imaging.
Reliability estimation for large distributed software systems.
Evaluating security requirements in a general-purpose processor by combining assertion checkers with code coverage.
E-Government Interoperability - Linking Open and Smart Government.
Combining Kronecker Product Approximation with Discrete Wavelet Transforms to Solve Dense, Function-Related Linear Systems.
The complete set of homogeneous Hilbert curves in two dimensions.
Stick it in your ear - building an in-ear jaw movement sensor.
Competitive Targeted Advertising Over Networks.
e-Infrastructures for e-Science - A Global View.
Novel efficient techniques for computer simulation of magnetic recording.
The Connective Matrix of Emerging Health Technologies - E-Health Solutions for People with Chronic Disease.
Electrostatic Modulated Friction as Tactile Feedback - Intensity Perception.
Processor subsystem interconnect architecture for a large symmetric multiprocessing system.
A Four Dimension Graph Model for Automatic Text Summarization.
Learning to Seek - Autonomous Source Seeking with Deep Reinforcement Learning Onboard a Nano Drone Microcontroller.
Computer Science in the School Curriculum - Issues and Challenges.
 Evaluate Motion Parallax with Stereo for Medical AR/MR.
Search Space Analysis of Evolvable Robot Morphologies.
Smooth eye movement interaction using EOG glasses.
An adaptive remeshing strategy for shear-thinning fluid flow simulations.
Real-Time Fuzzy Voltage Regulation for Distribution Networks Incorporating High Penetration of Renewable Sources.
An Iterative Spanning Forest Framework for Superpixel Segmentation.
An intermittent energy internet architecture.
A PC knowledge-based environment for VLSI layout verification.
Integrated simulation of activity-based demand and multi-modal dynamic supply for energy assessment.
RF-pick - comparing order picking using a HUD with wearable RFID verification to traditional pick methods.
SmartCharge - cutting the electricity bill in smart homes with energy storage.
un passage.
Superficial modification of biopolymeric scaffolds for tridimensional hepatic cell model.
Computer Science at the CNRS and in French Universities - A Gradual Institutional Recognition.
A hybrid grouping genetic algorithm for assigning students to preferred laboratory groups.
 evolutionary algorithm via REVAC tuning.
09.
Time-data trade-off in the sparse Fourier transform.
Stream learning and anomaly-based intrusion detection in the adversarial settings.
Evolutionary robotics approach to odor source localization.
Reduced epipolar cost for accelerated incremental SfM.
Dados empíricos e ab initio no método CALPHAD - os sistemas Fe-Cr-Mo-C e Nb-Ni-Si.
A model based approach to system of systems risk management.
Consistent detection of cancer biomarkers with linear models.
authentification dynamique et sécurisé, sensible au contexte et basé sur la confiance pour les environnements pervasifs).
On bounded rank positive semidefinite matrix completions of extreme partial correlation matrices
S3Mining - A model-driven engineering approach for supporting novice data miners in selecting suitable classifiers.
Body Symmetry in Morphologically Evolving Modular Robots.
SIMACOP - Small Units Management C4ISR System.
The design of Fuzzy C-Means Clustering based neural networks for emotion classification.
Type M for E-J generalized quasi-Hausdorff matrices.
Transport Planning in Processing Plants for the Fruit Industry.
A Theory of Responsive Design - A Field Study of Corporate Engagement with Open Source Communities.
Providing recommendations on location-based social networks.
Hand2Face - Automatic synthesis and recognition of hand over face occlusions.
Determining efficient temperature sets for the simulated tempering method.
Security or Privacy? A Matter of Perspective.
Prospects for Optical Interconnects in Distributed, Shared-Memory Organized MIMD Architectures.
A PC-based tool for helping in diagnosis of pathologic voice.
Multiple description based image transmission with Low Density Parity Check codes.
GreenTouch GreenMeter core network power consumption models and results.
Multiagent-based approach for scheduling meta-applications in heterogeneous grid environments.
Segmentation-Free Approaches For Handwritten Numeral String Recognition.
Numerical treatment of the spherically symmetric solutions of a generalized Fisher-Kolmogorov-Petrovsky-Piscounov equation.
Smart Stadium for Smarter Living - Enriching the Fan Experience.
A multi-layer network approach to MEG connectivity analysis.
Improvements to PATRIC, the all-bacterial Bioinformatics Database and Analysis Resource Center.
On oscillation free controller changes.
Measuring the Variance of the Vertical Orbital Velocity Component by an Acoustic Wave Gauge With a Single Transceiver Antenna.
A new class of spectral conjugate gradient methods based on a modified secant equation for unconstrained optimization.
OpenMP, OpenMP/MPI, and CUDA/MPI C programs for solving the time-dependent dipolar Gross-Pitaevskii equation.
Improved feature detection over large force ranges using history dependent transfer functions.
A systems approach to supporting decisions for the product to service shift.
Energy-efficient multiple itinerary planning for mobile agents-based data aggregation in WSNs.
Mixed Reality in Education, Entertainment, and Training.
Performance Analysis of Anomaly Based Network Intrusion Detection Systems.
Accelerated Gradient-Free Optimization Methods with a Non-Euclidean Proximal Operator.
Forward Modelling Complexity Influence in EEG Source Localization Using Real EEG Data.
Discrete symbiotic organisms search algorithm for travelling salesman problem.
Sparsity-based autofocus for undersampled synthetic aperture radar.
Deep Decomposition Learning for Inverse Imaging Problems.
CORAGE - an OFDMA-based cognitive radio system in emergency scenarios.
Mathematical Models to Predict and Analyze the Energy Consumption of a Domestic Refrigerator for Different Position of the Shelves.
Analysis of Data Sets With Learning Conflicts for Machine Learning.
High-Resolution X-Ray Phase-Contrast 3-D Imaging of Breast Tissue Specimens as a Possible Adjunct to Histopathology.
3D non-stationary vehicle-to-vehicle MIMO channel model for 5G millimeter-wave communications.
Introduction to Evolutionary Computing
Dynamic demand fulfillment in spare parts networks with multiple customer classes.
Performance Analysis and Optimization Based on Adaptive Modulation and Chaotic Interleaving for Helicopter-Satellite Communications.
Two-Way Communication between Working Dogs and Their Handlers.
Sum of Sinusoids Simulator for Millimeter Wave Channel Model Towards 5G Networks.
A Neural-embedded Choice Model - TasteNet-MNL Modeling Taste Heterogeneity with Flexibility and Interpretability.
Models of Editing and Editorial Boards.
Thermoelectric properties of polycrystalline WS2 and solid solutions of WS2-ySey types.
Supervised Regularized Canonical Correlation Analysis - integrating histologic and proteomic measurements for predicting biochemical recurrence following prostate surgery.
Most Cited Paper Award.
Special Issue on Mathematics in Brain Imaging.
Policy-based Data Integration for e-Health Monitoring Processes in a B2B Environment - Experiences from Canada.
Automatic artificial ventilation therapy using the ARDSNet protocol enforcing dynamical constraints.
COMT genotype and resting brain perfusion in children.
Revolve - A Versatile Simulator for Online Robot Evolution.
Condition monitoring of helicopter drive shafts using quadratic-nonlinearity metric based on cross-bispectrum.
On Energy Efficiency of Networks for Composable Datacentre Infrastructures.
Energy Efficiency of Server-Centric PON Data Center Architecture for Fog Computing.
Multiplexed MRI methods for rapid estimation of global cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen consumption.
Low Complexity Novel Methods for Initial Timing Synchronization in Mobile WiMAX OFDMA System.
Impact of Link Failures on the Performance of MapReduce in Data Center Networks.
An Analytically Solvable Model for Rapid Evolution of Modular Structure.
Branching Schemes and Variable Ordering Heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction Problems - Is There Something to Learn?
A model for quantifying performance degradation in virtual network function service chains.
Semi-stable semantics.
Flexible Hybrid Electronic Circuits and Systems.
How Do Learners Interact with E-learning? Examining Patterns of Learner Control Behaviors.
Efficient compression and reconstruction of speech signals using compressed sensing.
Performance enhancement of speaker identification systems using speech encryption and cancelable features.
Optimizing SHA-1 Hash Function for High Throughput with a Partial Unrolling Study.
Self-organizing software systems with distributed artificial intelligence.
Semidefinite Relaxations of Robust Binary Least Squares Under Ellipsoidal Uncertainty Sets.
Block-Matching Fuzzy C-Means clustering algorithm for segmentation of color images degraded with Gaussian noise.
BorreliaBase - a phylogeny-centered browser of Borrelia genomes.
Position Paper - Towards a Moving Target Defense Approach for Attribute-based Access Control.
Fuzzy sets to model master production effectively in Make to Stock companies with Lack of Homogeneity in the Product.
The Performance of Female Computer Science Students across Three Caribbean Islands.
Energy Efficient Service Distribution in Internet of Things.
RAPP - A Robotic-Oriented Ecosystem for Delivering Smart User Empowering Applications for Older People.
Energy Efficiency of Fog Computing Health Monitoring Applications.
PHI-base - a new interface and further additions for the multi-species pathogen-host interactions database.
Confusion Matrix-Based Building of Hierarchical Classification.
Providing cognitive components with a bidding heuristic for emergent NFV orchestration.
Poster abstract - voxnet acoustic array for multiple bird source separation by beamforming using measured data.
Sustainable computational science - the ReScience initiative.
Web-based geospatial multiple criteria decision analysis using open software and standards.
Growth patterns of the network of international collaboration in science.
Towards Machine Learning Prediction of Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) Intra-operative Efficacy Maps.
Single-Anchor Localizability in 5G Millimeter Wave Networks.
Modelling patient flow in an emergency department to better understand demand management strategies.
Real-time Emissions of Telecom Core Networks.
Patient-Centric Cellular Networks Optimization using Big Data Analytics.
Emotions in Rational Decision Making.
Bio-inspired meta-heuristic as feature selector in ensemble systems - A comparative analysis.
Map Point Optimization in Keyframe-Based SLAM using Covisibility Graph and Information Fusion.
A Scoped Review of the Potential for Supportive Virtual Coaches as Adjuncts to Self-guided Web-Based Interventions.
Comparison of data center traffic division policies using SDN.
Application of Fuzzy AHP and ELECTRE to Network Selection.
An artificial neural network based decision support system for solving the buffer allocation problem in reliable production lines.
The BOLD cerebrovascular reactivity response to progressive hypercapnia in young and elderly.
Recovering from mDNS Domain Failures.
A Way To Reduce The Artifacts Caused By Intensely Absorbing Areas In Computed Tomography.
A new phase-fitted eight-step symmetric embedded predictor-corrector method (EPCM) for orbital problems and related IVPs with oscillating solutions.
Exploring early designs for teaching anatomy and physiology to children using wearable e-textiles.
A decision support system to improve e-learning environments.
Tightly Coupled Atomistic-Continuum Simulations of Brain Blood Flow on Petaflop Supercomputers.
Efficient Techniques for Attack Detection Using Different Features Selection Algorithms and Classifiers.
Compressive sensing applied to radar systems - an overview.
Multispectral image compression with band ordering and wavelet transforms.
Looking Back and Looking Ahead - Twenty International Years of CSCL (Invited Presidential Symposium).
Preface.
Algorithms for Acceptance in Argument Systems.
Validation and reception of electric arc furnace transformers.
Quantum communication protocols as a benchmark for programmable quantum computers.
Comparison of direct and transformer drive high voltage ultrasonic pulser topologies.
Unsupervised Leukemia Cells Segmentation Based on Multi-space Color Channels.
Application of an image-guided navigation system in breast cancer localization.
Control of finger forces during fast, slow and moderate rotational hand movements.
Virtual Machine Allocation in Cloud Computing Environment.
Preface.
A Framework for Data Delivery in Integrated Internet of Things Architectures.
Managing Complexity in Distributed Data Life Cycles Enhancing Scientific Discovery.
Estimating the size and evolution of categorised topics in web directories.
The Long and Winding Road to Collaborative Observational Practice.
An adaptive pattern analysis system for isolating EMI.
Verification of sinusoidal steady state system identification of a Phantom Omni haptic device using data driven modeling.
Stagewise weak gradient pursuits.
Using a Groupware Space for Distributed Requirements Engineering.
Provably Weak Instances of Ring-LWE.
Conformance Checking with Constraint Logic Programming - The Case of Feature Models.
Nose Based Rigid Face Tracking.
End-to-End Conditional GAN-based Architectures for Image Colourisation.
Consistency of community structure in complex networks.
A Evolução, a Situação Atual e a Tendência de Alguns Itens que Influenciam a Qualidade dos Processos e dos Produtos e Também o Nível de Exigência dos Consumidores.
 letters of advice.
On modified Runge-Kutta trees and methods.
Biocomputing 2016 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, January 4-8, 2016
Design of efficient shape feature for object-based watermarking technology.
Deep venous thrombosis identification from analysis of ultrasound data.
Structuring multilevel discrete-event systems with dependency structure matrices.
Robust steganographic method based on center weighted median algorithm.
Automation of Cloud Node Installation for Testing and Scalable Provisioning.
A computational model of postoperative knee kinematics.
SomaticSniper - identification of somatic point mutations in whole genome sequencing data.
EmoReact - a multimodal approach and dataset for recognizing emotional responses in children.
Automated Adjoints of Coupled PDE-ODE Systems.
Performance Evaluation Based on Simulation of Improving Dynamic Probabilistic Flooding in MANETs.
Topology of genetic associations between regional gray matter volume and intellectual ability - Evidence for a high capacity network.
Real-time event classification in field sport videos.
Adaptive single snapshot beamforming - a new concept for the rejection of nonstationary and coherent interferers.
Neural Networks to Guide the Selection of Heuristics within Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Combining overall and local class accuracies in an oracle-based method for dynamic ensemble selection.
A Multiagent-Based Approach to Scheduling of Multi-component Applications in Distributed Systems.
An application of value-based DEA to identify the best practices in primary health care.
Unobtrusive power proportionality for HPC frameworks.
Using Deep Learning to Classify Class Imbalanced Gene-Expression Microarrays Datasets.
Frequency Tree clustering for ICU mortality analytics using graph databases.
Evaluating Human-Robot Interaction - Focusing on the Holistic Interaction Experience.
Effectiveness of a chat-bot for the adult population to quit smoking - protocol of a pragmatic clinical trial in primary care (Dejal@).
An Operating Condition-Based Scheme to Alternate Between Control Strategies for Improved Steady-State and Transient Behavior.
Finding Pulsars in Real-Time.
Social Media Use and Happiness in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Equalization and carrier frequency offset compensation for UWA-OFDM communication systems based on the discrete sine transform.
Timing channels, anonymity, mixes, and spikes.
Robust and secure fractional wavelet image watermarking.
Social sensitivity correlations with the effectiveness of team process performance - an empirical study.
Identification of Biomarkers and Signatures in Protein Data.
Mammographic Image Segmentation and Risk Classification Using a Novel Texture Signature Based Methodology.
Informing System Design Using Human Performance Modeling.
Chaotic encryption of images in the fractional Fourier transform domain using different modes of operation.
Calculation of Aqueous Solubility of Crystalline Un-Ionized Organic Chemicals and Drugs Based on Structural Similarity and Physicochemical Descriptors.
A family of trigonometrically fitted partitioned Runge-Kutta symplectic methods.
A Fast Algorithm for Updating and Downsizing the Dominant Kernel Principal Components.
Optimal control of a deterministic multiclass queuing system for which several queues can be served simultaneously.
Decay in Functions of Multiband Matrices.
Segmentation and characterization of voltage sags in the analysis of industrial circuits.
Long-Distance Structural Consequences of H-Bonding. How H-Bonding Affects Aromaticity of the Ring in Variously Substituted Aniline/Anilinium/Anilide Complexes with Bases and Acids.
Evaluating transport and application layer protocols for haptic applications.
Tree-based modelling for the classification of mammographic benign and malignant micro-calcification clusters.
Data trends on minorities and people with disabilities in computing.
Annotating the human proteome - the Human Proteome Survey Database (HumanPSDTM) and an in-depth target database for G protein-coupled receptors (GPCR-PDTM) from Incyte Genomics.
Management Patterns for Smart Grid Resilience.
Using Summarization Techniques on Patent Database Through Computational Intelligence.
High Performance Dictionary-Based String Matching for Deep Packet Inspection.
Inclusion of Fabric Properties in the E-Textile Design Process.
Kullback-Leibler Divergence Measure for Multivariate Skew-Normal Distributions.
Ten Simple Rules for Lifelong Learning, According to Hamming.
Cholesky and Gram-Schmidt Orthogonalization for Tall-and-Skinny QR Factorizations on Graphics Processors.
Mesh Adaptation for Improving Elasticity Reconstruction Using the FEM Inverse Problem.
Investigation of optical and chemical bond properties of hydrogenated amorphous silicon nitride for optoelectronics applications.
Effect of additive N2 and Ar gases on surface smoothening and fracture strength of Si wafers during high-speed chemical dry thinning.
Design of Electric Buses of Rapid Transit Using Hybrid Energy Storage and Local Traffic Parameters.
Memory efficient string matching - a modular approach on FPGAs (abstract only).
Metaheuristics for the waste collection vehicle routing problem with time windows, driver rest period and multiple disposal facilities.
Undecimated Dual-Tree Complex Wavelet Transforms.
A macrocyclic bis-acridine shifts the equilibrium from duplexes towards DNA hairpins.
Solutions for inter-connectivity and security in a smart hospital building.
Translatory hip kinematics measured with optoelectronic surgical navigation.
A Software Tool for the Automatic Quantification of the Left Ventricle Myocardium Hyper-trabeculation Degree.
Synthetic Aperature LADAR - A Model-Based Approach.
Detection of helmets on motorcyclists.
Bridging miRNAs and pathway analysis in clinical decision support - a case study in nephroblastoma.
Complementary Gene Signature Integration in Multiplatform Microarray Experiments.
Demonstration of a scalable, multiplexed ion trap for quantum information processing.
Serendipity-based storification - from lifelogging to storytelling.
A computational model of transmedia ecosystem for story-based contents.
Is It Gropable? - Assessing the Impact of Mobility on Textile Interfaces.
Towards public health decision support - a systematic review of bidirectional communication approaches.
Corporate Use of Social Media - Technology Affordance and External Stakeholder Relations.
Evolution of an Integrated Technology for Supporting Learning about Complex Systems.
Trigonometric transforms and precoding strategies for OFDM-based uplink hybrid multi-carrier nonorthogonal multiple access.
Model Abstraction of Nondeterministic Finite-State Automata in Supervisor Synthesis.
Aggregative Synthesis of Distributed Supervisors Based on Automaton Abstraction.
Methodologies, Technologies and Tools Enabling e-Government.
TMIX - Temporal model for indexing XML documents.
Dependence of the pullout behaviour of pedicle screws on the screw-hosting material relative deformability.
Design and Processing of Invertible Orientation Scores of 3D Images.
Evolution of Bow-Tie Architectures in Biology.
OntoEDS - Protecting Energy Delivery Systems by Collaboratively Analyzing Security Requirements.
Architecture and performance models for scalable IP lookup engines on FPGA.
Structural analysis of a steel double hull underwater tank, intended for oil recovery from shipwrecks.
The impact of individuation on the bases of human empathic responding.
Modeling, analysis, measurement and experimentation with the Tangram-II integrated environment.
Semiotic Analysis of E-Document as a Composite Digital Sign - The Case of E-Boarding Pass.
Identificação de Sistemas Não Lineares Utilizando o Algoritmo Híbrido e Binário de Otimização por Enxame de Partículas e Busca Gravitacional.
Comparing usability of government web portals during governor change of terms.
Automatic Detection and Localization of da Vinci Tool Tips in 3D Ultrasound.
A New Approach for Scholars Matching Using Universal Quantifier Queries.
Performance of the audio signals transmission over wireless networks with the channel interleaving considerations.
Image categorization for improving accessibility to information graphics.
Aggregate modeling for flow time prediction of an end-of-aisle order picking workstation with overtaking.
Why parameter control mechanisms should be benchmarked against random variation.
Estimation of forest stem volume using ALOS-2 PALSAR-2 satellite images.
Quantum mechanically derived AMBER-compatible heme parameters for various states of the cytochrome P450 catalytic cycle.
Observer based fuzzy LMI regulator for stabilization and tracking control of an aeropendulum.
Application of Queueing Network Models in the Performance Evaluation of Database Designs.
An interval type-2 fuzzy regulator for magnetic levitation system.
Low Carbon Emission IP over WDM Network.
Beyond Technology Adoption - An Embeddedness Approach to Reduce Medication Errors.
Small sets of interacting proteins suggest functional linkage mechanisms via Bayesian analogical reasoning.
Development of a comprehensive musculoskeletal model of the shoulder and elbow.
Utilization of discrete transforms to conquer the problems of multi-tone systems.
Feature selection in heterogeneous structure of ensembles - A genetic algorithm approach.
On guiding video object segmentation.
Centralized Control of Multirotors with Manipulators.
Learning Analytics with Google Classroom - Exploring the possibilities.
An Empirical Comparison of Flat and Hierarchical Performance Measures for Multi-Label Classification with Hierarchy Extraction.
Government web portals performance evaluation using data envelopment analysis.
Ethically Intelligent? A Framework for Exploring Human Resource Management Challenges of Intelligent Working Environments.
Modeling and Design of Multirotors with Multi-joint Arms.
Bagging Model Trees for Classification Problems.
Canalization of Gene Expression and Domain Shifts in the Drosophila Blastoderm by Dynamical Attractors.
Curl-Based Finite Element Reconstruction of the Shear Modulus Without Assuming Local Homogeneity - Time Harmonic Case.
A low power sigma-delta modulator using charge-steering Opamp for Bluetooth application.
Effects of product postponement on the distribution network - a case study.
DisProt 7.0 - a major update of the database of disordered proteins.
Manifold Learning With Contracting Observers for Data-Driven Time-Series Analysis.
Bootstrapping Method for Developing Part-of-Speech Tagged Corpus in Low Resource Languages Tagset - A Focus on an African Igbo.
iGenomicViewer - R package for visualisation of high dimension genomic data.
Detection of circular permutations within protein structures using CE-CP.
Evolution styles - using architectural knowledge as an evolution driver.
Optimal Sensing for Patient Health Monitoring.
A first systematic mapping study on combinatorial interaction testing for software product lines.
Assessing sampling designs for determining fertilizer practice from yield data.
Implications of Web Mercator and Its Use in Online Mapping.
 Subjective Appraisals - Comparison of Negotiations and Auctions.
Local government websites - cases of innovation and best practices in Mexico.
A 2.45-GHz Circular Polarization Closed-Loop Travelling-Wave Antenna for Cubesats.
Saliency Guided 2D-Object Annotation for Instrumented Vehicles.
Aerial manipulator for structure inspection by contact from the underside.
Managing Knowledge Networks.
Information Spread in a Connected World.
Exploring frequency tuning policies for USRP-N210 SDR platform and GNU radio.
Toward Improving Patient Safety and Surgeon Comfort in a Synergic Robot-Assisted Eye Surgery - A Comparative Study.
.
A New Fuzzy-TOPSIS Based Risk Decision Making Framework for Dangerous Good Transportation.
RMDL - Random Multimodel Deep Learning for Classification.
Improving Multi-Label Classification by Means of Cross-Ontology Association Rules.
13th IEEE International Conference on e-Science, e-Science 2017, Auckland, New Zealand, October 24-27, 2017
An IT appliance for remote collaborative review of mechanisms of injury to children in motor vehicle crashes.
Where the Action Is and Was in Information Science.
Modeling retweeting behavior as a game - comparison to empirical results.
Persuasive Technology - Development and Implementation of Personalized Technologies to Change Attitudes and Behaviors - 12th International Conference, PERSUASIVE 2017, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, April 4-6, 2017, Proceedings
Compressive power spectral density estimation.
A New Modified Short-Multipath-Insensitive Code Loop Discriminator.
Proceedings of the Fifth International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems co-located with the 12th International Conference on Persuasive Technology, PERSUASIVE 2017, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, April 3-6, 2017.
Real-Time Combinatorial Optimization for Elevator Group Dispatching.
2D Elasticity Reconstruction With Bi-Convex Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers.
Experimental demonstration of transmission of High Definition Television signal using a microwave photonic notch filter.
s perspective on sustainability of urban infrastructure through online social media.
Formulation of Reduced-Taskload Optimization Models for Conflict Resolution.
Symbolic rule-based classification of lung cancer stages from free-text pathology reports.
How Wearables Worked their Way into the Mainstream.
Grid-Enabling an Existing Instrument-Based National Service.
À la Kalman Filtering for Metrology Tool With Application to Coordinate Measuring Machines.
Classification of the (0, 2)-graphs of valency 8.
Weak continuous measurements of multiqubits systems.
Experimental Evaluation of Passive Optical Network Based Data Centre Architecture.
High algebraic order Runge-Kutta type two-step method with vanished phase-lag and its first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth derivatives.
s Impact on Social Relationships for Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Strengths and Weaknesses of 1.5T and 3T MRS Data in Brain Glioma Classification.
The modENCODE Data Coordination Center - lessons in harvesting comprehensive experimental details.
Service Availability in the NFV Virtualized Evolved Packet Core.
Quantifying the effects of normal ageing on white matter structure using unsupervised tract shape modelling.
Differential Evolution algorithm applied to sparse PI control synthesis for non-square multivariable systems.
A robust fuzzy logic controller for a Green Plug-switched filter for nonlinear loads.
Measuring self-regulated learning in a novel e-learning platform - eLDa.
Enhancing the Image Transmission over Wireless Networks through a Novel Interleaver.
Quantifying the Conceptual Combination Effect on Word Meanings.
Direct optimization of a PCI express link equalization in industrial post-silicon validation.
Learning Deep Off-the-Person Heart Biometrics Representations.
Maintaining population diversity in evolutionary art using structured populations.
Analysis and efficient control design for generator-side converters of PMSG-based wind and tidal stream turbines.
Socialbots whitewashing contested elections; a case study from Honduras.
Enabling wireless communication and networking technologies for the internet of things [Guest editorial].
Automating the Integration of Clinical Studies into Medical Ontologies.
Tracking Regional Tissue Volume and Function Change in Lung Using Image Registration.
Real-Time Methods for Long-Term Tissue Feature Tracking in Endoscopic Scenes.
Assessing Texture Descriptors for Seismic Image Retrieval.
Fast Interrogation of Fiber Bragg Gratings with Electro-Optical Dual Optical Frequency Combs.
An entropy stable discontinuous Galerkin finite-element moment method for the Boltzmann equation.
Observer-based synchronization of networked Hindmarsh-Rose neurons.
Compression and stylometry for author identification.
Tucker Dimensionality Reduction of Three-Dimensional Arrays in Linear Time.
The Impact of Inter-Virtual Machine Traffic on Energy Efficient Virtual Machines Placement.
Bags of Local Convolutional Features for Scalable Instance Search.
Virtual Platform of FPGA based SoC for Power Electronics Applications.
Big data analytics for wireless and wired network design - A survey.
Full-Duplex Decode and Forward Relay-Aided Device-to-Device Communication.
Regularized Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis with Continuous Observations.
The Future Belongs to the Curious - Towards Automatic Understanding and Recognition of Curiosity in Children.
Optical Feedback Interferometry for Velocity Measurement of Parallel Liquid-Liquid Flows in a Microchannel.
MeEmo - Using an Avatar to Improve Social Skills in Children with ASD.
Proceedings of the 41st International Conference on Software Engineering - Software Engineering Education and Training, ICSE (SEET) 2019, Montreal, QC, Canada, May 25-31, 2019
Characterization of Electrophotographic Print Artifacts - Banding, Jitter, and Ghosting.
Does Security Trump Reliability?
Multiparametric QUS Analysis for Placental Tissue Characterization.
Draw Your Own Story - Paper and Pencil Interactive Storytelling.
A global tolerance approach to sensitivity analysis in linear programming.
Self-adaptive hp finite element method with iterative mesh truncation technique accelerated with Adaptive Cross Approximation.
Collaboration Patterns and the Impact of Distance on Awareness in Requirements-Centred Social Networks.
Performance Analysis in AODV Based Protocols for MANETs.
Calculating Evolutionary Dynamics in Structured Populations.
A Top-Down Design Methodology for Ultrahigh-Performance Hashing Cores.
A deep neural network predicts survival after heart imaging better than cardiologists.
Antenas de microfita para 4G, 5G e arranjo de antenas cilíndricas.
Particle Observers for Contracting Dynamical Systems.
Routing and scheduling in a liquefied natural gas shipping problem with inventory and berth constraints.
High throughput and large capacity pipelined dynamic search tree on FPGA.
Joint Detection and Mitigation of False Data Injection Attacks in AGC Systems.
Joint Connection Level and Packet Level Analysis of Cognitive Radio Networks with VoIP Traffic.
RRDistMaps - a UCSF Chimera tool for viewing and comparing protein distance maps.
Structural Health Monitoring Installation Scheme using Utility Computing Model.
A Review of Texture Classification Methods and Databases.
PAC-Bayesian Margin Bounds for Convolutional Neural Networks - Technical Report.
Rotor angle wind turbine energy capture control.
A comparison of reference-based algorithms for correcting cell-type heterogeneity in Epigenome-Wide Association Studies.
Variable Selection Method for the Identification of Epistatic Models.
Regionally Optimised Mathematical Models of Cardiac Myocyte Orientation in Rat Hearts.
GIS-based hydrogeochemical analysis tools (QUIMET).
Variability extraction and modeling for product variants.
Predominantly global genetic influences on individual white matter tract microstructure.
A Twentieth Anniversary Tribute to PSB.
An Empirical Study of the Complex Relationships between Requirements Engineering Processes and Other Processes that Lead to Payoffs in Productivity, Quality, and Risk Management.
Learning the basic units in American Sign Language using discriminative segmental feature selection.
The IceProd framework - Distributed data processing for the IceCube neutrino observatory.
Wearable computing - through the looking glass.
Energy-Efficient Abundant-Data Computing - The N3XT 1, 000x.
Induction Motors Versus Permanent-Magnet Actuators for Aerospace Applications.
Classification of network anomalies in flow level network traffic using Bayesian networks.
t mind me touching my wrist - a case study of interacting with on-body technology in public.
New minimal bounds for the derivatives of rational Bézier paths and rational rectangular Bézier surfaces.
New Embedded Explicit Methods with Minimal Phase-lag for the Numerical Integration of the Schrödinger Equation.
Lipid Mini-On - mining and ontology tool for enrichment analysis of lipidomic data.
A Fast Image Dehazing Algorithm Using Morphological Reconstruction.
An Eighth Order Exponentially-fitted Method for the Numerical Integration of the Schrödinger Equation.
Computer Algebra Programmes for the Construction of a Family of Numerov-type Exponentially-fitted Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
Machine Learning Methods to Predict Lung Cancer Survival Using the Veterans Affairs Research Precision Oncology Data Commons.
A Formal Model of Neuron That Provides Consistent Predictions.
An evaluation of video intelligibility for novice american sign language learners on a mobile device.
Integration of FHIR to Facilitate Electronic Case Reporting - Results from a Pilot Study.
Towards a tool for keystroke level modeling of skilled screen reading.
Handling Concept Drifts Using Dynamic Selection of Classifiers.
Swinging From The Hip - Use of Dynamic Motion Optimization in the Design of Robotic Gait Rehabilitation.
Vibration analysis of a linear switched reluctance actuator.
The Modern Educator.
 targeting and e-commerce strategies - an empirical analysis.
Priority Data Transmission Schemes for a Wireless Sensor Network on BAN.
An underwater wearable computer for two way human-dolphin communication experimentation.
The Escalating Cost of College.
Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications.
Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors for D2D Communications.
Changing Educational Paths in an Informatics Course According to the Needs and Expectations of Nursing Degree Students.
Block preconditioners for finite element discretization of incompressible flow with thermal convection.
Use of tensor formats in elliptic eigenvalue problems.
Visual grouping by neural oscillators.
A Sensor Glove System for Rehabilitation in Instrumental Activities of Daily Living.
FIDO - facilitating interactions for dogs with occupations - wearable dog-activated interfaces.
Audio classification from time-frequency texture.
Numerical Analysis of a Diffusion Flame Under Water Mist Jet Influence.
Development of a diaphragmatic motion-based elastography framework for assessment of liver stiffness.
Classification of spatially unaligned fMRI scans.
Two-Level MPPM-MDPSK Modulation for Free-Space Optical Channels.
Full Duplex Relaying with Co-Channel Interference and Channel Estimation Error.
A Text Recognition and Retrieval System for e-Business Image Management.
Obtaining the threat model for e-mail phishing.
Estimating dynamic brain functional networks using multi-subject fMRI data.
On-line human action recognition by combining joint tracking and key pose recognition.
Global software development - growing opportunities, ongoing challenges.
FDE - A Logic of Clutters.
Cyclic Concatenated Genetic Encoder - A mathematical proposal for biological inferences.
 introduction].
Different strategies for auditory word recognition in healthy versus normal aging.
Affordable X-By-Wire technology based on an innovative, scalable E/E platform-concept.
Direct torque control of a PMSM-drive for electric vehicle applications.
Cognitive radio system for interference reduction in BANETs focused on epilepsy diagnosis.
Performance evaluation of direction finding algorithms for adapative antenna arrays.
Non-Compactness Attribute Filtering to Extract Retinal Blood Vessels in Fundus Images.
APOE modifies the interaction of entorhinal cerebral blood flow and cortical thickness on memory function in cognitively normal older adults.
A Risk-Scoring Feedback Model for Webpages and Web Users Based on Browsing Behavior.
 me - an exploration into natural human-drone interaction.
An Automatic Method for Enhancing Character Recognition in Degraded Historical Documents.
An Analysis of the Influence of a Pseudo-haptic Cue on the Haptic Perception of Weight.
Face Analysis in the Wild.
Diagnosing Leukemia in Blood Smear Images Using an Ensemble of Classifiers and Pre-Trained Convolutional Neural Networks.
Assessing value of biomedical digital repositories.
Evolution, Individual Learning, and Social Learning in a Swarm of Real Robots.
Designing, Modeling and Evaluating Influence Strategies for Behavior Change Support Systems.
A preliminary apparatus and teaching structure for passive tactile training of stenography.
Combining User-Tests, Log-Data and Expert-Assessments to Evaluate Constructs of the Perceived Persuasiveness Questionnaire.
Incremental dataflow execution, resource efficiency and probabilistic guarantees with Fuzzy Boolean nets.
E-learning as a service - A new era for academic cloud approach.
First free-flight flow visualisation of a flapping-wing robot.
Generalisation of structural knowledge in the Hippocampal-Entorhinal system.
A stochastic Gompertz model highlighting internal and external therapy function for tumour growth.
Photocatalytic CO2 Valorization by Using TiO2, ZrO2 and Graphitic Based Semiconductors.
Flash storage integration in the IBM System z EC12 I/O drawer.
The role of decision-making support systems in IT service management processes.
Multi-Shell Diffusion MRI Measures of Brain Aging - A Preliminary Comparison From ADNI3.
Vadose zone hydraulic conductivity monitoring by using an arduino data acquisition system.
Texture CNN for Histopathological Image Classification.
A duple watermarking strategy for multi-channel quantum images.
Radial feature descriptors for cell classification and recommendation.
An Improved Olympic Hole-Filling Method for Ultrasound Volume Reconstruction of Human Spine.
Modelling Parallel Texts for Boosting Compression.
Multimodality in the Rainfall Drop Size Distribution in Southern England.
Practical Covert Channel Implementation through a Timed Mix-Firewall.
e-réputation (Nomao - a geolocalized search engine dedicated to place recommendation and e-reputation) [in French].
A testbed for network performance evaluation and its application to connection admission control algorithms.
Up, down and around the stack - ISP characterization from network intensive applications.
Identificación del ratón en base a su huella dactilar utilizando características Ordinales Lineales Ortogonales (OLOF).
An Empirical Investigation on Text-Based Communication in Distributed Requirements Workshops.
Community Organizations - Changing the Culture in Which Research Software Is Developed and Sustained.
A broadcast protocol in Multi-Hop Cognitive Radio Ad Hoc Networks with guarantees.
Would You Slack That? - The Impact of Security and Privacy on Cooperative Newsroom Work.
Performance evaluation of transport protocols for real-time supermedia - HEVC streams over the Internet.
Structural inference for uncertain networks.
Perturbations on the antidiagonals of Hankel matrices.
Coordinating analytics methods for mobile healthcare applications.
A parallel algorithm for random searches.
Topological Modeling and Classification of Mammographic Microcalcification Clusters.
Personalized Radiotherapy Design for Glioblastoma - Integrating Mathematical Tumor Models, Multimodal Scans, and Bayesian Inference.
A Supervised Segmentation Algorithm for Crop Classification Based on Histograms Using Satellite Images.
A security infrastructure for massive mobile data distribution.
Optimizing Regular Expression Matching with SR-NFA on Multi-Core Systems.
Dynamic k-means - a clustering technique for moving object trajectories.
Adaptive energy efficient scheduling in Peer-to-Peer desktop grids.
An eight-step semi-embedded predictor-corrector method for orbital problems and related IVPs with oscillatory solutions for which the frequency is unknown.
Tensor Train Global Optimization - Application to Docking in the Configuration Space with a Large Number of Dimensions.
Dispersion in the Mott insulator UO2 - A comparison of photoemission spectroscopy and screened hybrid density functional theory.
On optimal location and management of a new industrial plant - Numerical simulation and control.
Tutorials at PPSN 2016.
Model Boundary Approximation Method as a Unifying Framework for Balanced Truncation and Singular Perturbation Approximation.
Design and Development of the MedFit App - A Mobile Application for Cardiovascular Disease Rehabilitation.
Inventory Model with the Consideration of Pricing, Product Substitution and Value Deterioration.
Evolutionary Tradeoffs between Economy and Effectiveness in Biological Homeostasis Systems.
Cross approximation in tensor electron density computations.
Awareness in the Wild - Why Communication Breakdowns Occur.
Empirical analysis of biometric technology adoption and acceptance in Botswana.
Ecuaciones inversas de filtros de reconstrucción perfecta.
p-MEMPSODE - Parallel and irregular memetic global optimization.
A Metamodel for Estimating Error Bounds in Real-Time Traffic Prediction Systems.
Critical thinking in E-learning environments.
Establishing a baseline for text entry for a multi-touch virtual keyboard.
Coordination of Behind-the-Meter Energy Storage and Building Loads - Optimization with Deep Learning Model.
Dynamic Tube MPC for Nonlinear Systems.
Stability and Performance Analysis of the Castillo-Grone Mimetic Operators in Conjunction with RK3 Time Discretization in Solving Advective Equations.
ImageJ2 - ImageJ for the next generation of scientific image data.
A Run-Time Detector of Hardworking E-Learners with Underperformance.
Diagnostic Aid System based on triaxial high sensitivity MEMS for detection and characterization of specific neurodegenerative diseases.
Self-organization in dissipative structures - A thermodynamic theory for the emergence of prebiotic cells and their epigenetic evolution.
Toward Intra-Operative Prostate Photoacoustic Imaging - Configuration Evaluation and Implementation Using the da Vinci Research Kit.
Implementation of the AODV Routing Protocol for Message Notification in a Wireless Sensor Microgrid.
Introductory words - Special issue on quantum image processing published by Quantum Information Processing.
The Role of Structure and Complexity on Reservoir Computing Quality.
Well-Balanced Second-Order Finite Element Approximation of the Shallow Water Equations with Friction.
Wearable Assistive Technologies for Autism - Opportunities and Challenges.
A model-based survey of alert correlation techniques.
Optical flow for self-supervised learning of obstacle appearance.
Book Reviews.
Book Reviews.
An Ecosystem for E-Learning in Mechatronics - The CLEM Project.
Book Reviews.
Ultrascale Visualization of Climate Data.
Book Reviews.
Seeded graph matching for correlated Erdös-Rényi graphs.
Using a Real-Time Conferencing Tool in Distributed Collaboration - An Experience Report from Siemens IT Solutions and Services.
A Naive Technique Correcting Time-Series Data for Recognition Applications.
Identification of Key Hinge Residues Important for Nucleotide-Dependent Allostery in E. coli Hsp70/DnaK.
Distributed Software Development - Practices and challenges in different business strategies of offshoring and onshoring.
Fat quantification in MRI-defined lumbar muscles.
Transcription factor binding site recognition by regularity matrices based on the natural classification method.
Relational methodology for data mining and knowledge discovery.
Interactive games for preservation and promotion of sporting movements.
Simulating E-business Innovation Process Improvement with Virtual Teams Across Europe and Asia.
Human-Machine Interaction Issues in Quality Control Based on Online Image Classification.
Action recognition in video using a spatial-temporal graph-based feature representation.
 Lifestyle within E-care Telemonitoring Platform.
Self-Similar Convolution Image Distribution Histograms as Invariant Identifiers.
An Extensible Neuroimaging e-Repository for Clinical Trials of Paediatric Brain Tumours.
Interactive visualization of volumetric data with WebGL in real-time.
Paradigm Lost.
Nora - A Vocabulary Discovery Tool for Concept Extraction.
A fourth order modified trigonometrically fitted symplectic Runge-Kutta-Nyström method.
EU-Brazil Open Data and Cloud Computing e-Infrastructure for Biodiversity.
Dynamic region following formation control for a swarm of robots.
Energy Efficient Resource Allocation in Vehicular Cloud based Architecture.
High throughput indexing for large-scale semantic web data.
Who Said That? The Crossmodal Matching Identity for Inferring Unfamiliar Faces from Voices.
Handwritten digit segmentation - a comparative study.
A survey of cast shadow detection algorithms.
Design of Neuromorphic Architectures with Memristors.
Vector Quantization Enhancement for Computer Vision Tasks.
Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Automotive User Interfaces and Interactive Vehicular Applications, Seattle, WA, USA, September 17 - 19, 2014
Adjunct Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Automotive User Interfaces and Interactive Vehicular Applications, Seattle, WA, USA, September 17 - 19, 2014
A New Methodology for Tracking and Instantaneous Characterization of Voltage Variations.
 the New Creativity.
Teletraffic Analysis for VoIP Services in WLAN Systems with Handoff Capabilities.
Smith predictor with inverted decoupling for square multivariable time delay systems.
s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI).
Perspectives on the future of e-books in libraries in universities.
A Petri Net Model Specification for Delivering Adaptable Ads through Digital Signage in Pervasive Environments.
Spaces and Cultural Assets of the Autonomous National University of Mexico.
Measuring the scientific impact of e-research infrastructures - a citation based approach?
e-Health AON (Application-Oriented Networks).
 on automatic detection of impaired voices?
FENDE - Marketplace and Federated Ecosystem for the Distribution and Execution of VNFs.
Parallelization of the 3D Unified Curvilinear Coastal Ocean Model - Initial Results.
Automatic generation of HTTP intrusion signatures by selective identification of anomalies.
New general solutions to the Abel equation of the second kind using functional transformations.
An optimization model for metabolic pathways.
Opportunities for Sensing Systems in Mining.
Mapping between X.400 and RFC 822.
Nonlinear Optimization for Human-Like Movements of a High Degree of Freedom Robotics Arm-Hand System.
Blocking sets of the classical unital.
Vertical Mining of Frequent Patterns Using Diffset Groups.
Incremental contingency planning for recovering from critical outcomes in high-probability seed plans.
Participatory eHealth development to support nurses in antimicrobial stewardship.
Crowd modeling framework using fast head detection and shape-aware matching.
Semantic query suggestion using Twitter Entities.
Parsimonious dictionary learning.
A framework for the design and evaluation of network resilience management.
Object-oriented modeling and simulation of the closed loop cardiovascular system by using SIMSCAPE.
Towards a Drone Cinematographer - Guiding Quadrotor Cameras using Visual Composition Principles.
Modelling Breast Tissue in Mammograms for Mammographic Risk Assessment.
Implementation of a Virtual Reality rendered in Portable Devices for Strabismus Treatment based on Conventional Visual Therapy.
Families of third and fourth algebraic order trigonometrically fitted symplectic methods for the numerical integration of Hamiltonian systems.
A Study of Admissions Software for Achieving Diversity.
Cipher Block Based Authentication Module - a Hardware Design Perspective.
3D Building Reconstruction using Stereo Camera and Edge Detection.
A parallel evolutionary algorithm for prioritized pairwise testing of software product lines.
An Investigation on Centralized and Decentralized Supply Chain Scenarios at the Product Design Stage to Increase Performance.
Recommendations for performance optimizations when using GATK3.8 and GATK4.
Seizure Detection using Common Spatial Patterns and Classification Techniques.
Correction to - Recommendations for performance optimizations when using GATK3.8 and GATK4.
Networking and processing in optical wireless.
Traditional Sports and Games - A New Opportunity for Personalized Access to Cultural Heritage.
Foreword.
A time for reliability - the growing importance of being always on.
Automatic Absence Seizure Detection Evaluating Matching Pursuit Features of EEG Signals.
 is a city in terms of energy optimization? e-SCEAF - A web based decision support tool for local authorities.
Homomorphic image watermarking with a singular value decomposition algorithm.
s Perceptions of an Electronic Health Record Contingency Plan.
Data collection requirements for mobile connected health - an end user development approach.
Simulation of an Archaeological Disaster - Reassembling a Fragmented Amphora Using the Thickness Profile Method.
DevC - uma linguagem de suporte ao desenvolvimento concorrente de device drives e modelos de controladores de entrada e saída.
An application of minimum classification error to feature space transformations for speech recognition.
A Novel Authentication Scheme for E-assessments Based on Student Behavior over E-learning Platform.
UniHI 4 - new tools for query, analysis and visualization of the human protein-protein interactome.
Mobility management using dynamic cross-layer signaling in heterogeneous wireless networks.
Reachability in Tree-Like Component Systems is PSPACE-Complete.
Tools and data services registry - a community effort to document bioinformatics resources.
Proteomic characterization of non-small cell lung cancer in a comprehensive translational thoracic oncology database.
μ-UAV Based Dynamic Target Tracking for Surveillance and Exploration.
Data Web house to support Web intelligence in e-learning environments.
Computing Preferred Extensions in Abstract Argumentation - a SAT-based Approach.
SATURN - Technical and Design Challenges of Building a Self-sustaining Sound and Vibration Sensing Material.
Regularised multi-stage parallel interference cancellation for downlink CDMA systems.
VarSight - prioritizing clinically reported variants with binary classification algorithms.
Biocomputing 2011 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, Kohala Coast, Hawaii, USA, 3-7 January 2011
ACT-CORNER - Active corner finding for optic flow determination.
Summarizing videos into a target language - Methodology, architectures and evaluation.
CPG-based control of a turtle-like underwater vehicle.
E-Foto - an educational photogrammetric workstation.
In-depth cross-coupling analysis in high-performance induction motor control.
Field-of-values analysis of preconditioned linearized Rayleigh-Bénard convection problems.
Functional modular architecture underlying attentional control in aging.
Regression analysis for comparing protein samples with 16O/18O stable-isotope labeled mass spectrometry.
Cognitive bias and decision aid use under stressful conditions.
Cognitive bias, decision styles, and risk attitudes in decision making and DSS.
Overview of IBM zEnterprise 196 I/O subsystem with focus on new PCI Express infrastructure.
Remote Ultrasound Palpation for Robotic Interventions Using Absolute Elastography.
Investigating a two headed monster - e-government - crossing over from electronic era to digital revolution.
The NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission - Overview.
Cybersecurity In Microgrids.
Developing requirements for a mobile app to support citizens in dealing with ticks and tick bites via end-user profiling.
Fuzzy automata system with application to target recognition based on image processing.
Adaptive Multipath Routing based on Hybrid Data and Control Plane Operation.
VERCE Delivers a Productive E-science Environment for Seismology Research.
Combined EEG/MEG Source Reconstruction of Epileptic Activity using a Two-Phase Spike Clustering Approach.
Weighted argument systems - Basic definitions, algorithms, and complexity results.
Special issue - Various forms of intelligence.
Aspergillus Genomes and the Aspergillus Cloud.
Circuit Analysis with Multisim
E-Tutor Perceptions towards the Star Rural Area E-Learning Project.
Compressive and Noncompressive Power Spectral Density Estimation from Periodic Nonuniform Samples
Alternative Astronomical FITS imaging
Optimal redundancy in computations from random oracles.
Forward rectification - spatial image normalization for a video from a forward facing vehicle camera.
Blackout Mitigation Assessment in Power Transmission Systems.
Connectivity-based fixel enhancement - Whole-brain statistical analysis of diffusion MRI measures in the presence of crossing fibres.
Tiled regression reduces type I error rates in tests of association of rare single nucleotide variants with non-normally distributed traits, compared with simple linear regression.
A survey of MPI usage in the US exascale computing project.
Network Geeks - How They Built the Internet.
Real-time implementation of an efficient Golay correlator (EGC) applied to ultrasonic sensorial systems.
ARKHAM - An Advanced Refinement toolkit for Handling Service Level Agreements in Software-Defined Networking.
A grammatical approach to data-centric case management in a distributed collaborative environment.
Analysis of voltage sag severity case study in an industrial circuit.
Deterministic Model for Distributed Speculative Stream Processing.
One-Year Mortality Prediction in ICU Patients with Diagnosis of Sepsis Driven by Population Similarities.
How to Improve Multi-Agent Recommendations Using Data from Social Networks?
MammoSVD - A content-based image retrieval system using a reference database of mammographies.
Approximate l-Fold Cross-Validation with Least Squares SVM and Kernel Ridge Regression.
Estudo de pressupostos tecnologicos e cognitivos para aperfeicoamento de laboratorios virtuais e ambientes colaborativos virtuais para radiofarmacia.
MAGNAMWAR - an R package for genome-wide association studies of bacterial orthologs.
Elaborating data intensive research methods through researcher-practitioner partnerships.
Equispaced Pareto front construction for constrained bi-objective optimization.
Deep Convolutions for In-Depth Automated Rock Typing.
Effective multi-stage error control algorithms for robust 3D video transmission over wireless networks.
Discovering Software Architectures with Search-Based Merge of UML Model Variants.
Specification of Bahavioural Requirements within Compositional Multi-agent System Design.
Next-generation freight vehicle surveys - Supplementing truck GPS tracking with a driver activity survey.
Patient-Centric Cellular Networks Optimization Using Big Data Analytics.
Standardized Sample Preparation Using a Drop-on-Demand Printing Platform.
Tracking and analyzing dynamics of news-cycles during global pandemics - a historical perspective.
Recognizing the system impact of technology adoption on inter-organizational workflow - Exploring U.S. e-prescribing.
iBIOMES Lite - Summarizing Biomolecular Simulation Data in Limited Settings.
Combining fNIRS and EEG to Improve Motor Cortex Activity Classification during an Imagined Movement-Based Task.
Plenary Speakers - Jennifer Silk, White House and Matthew E. Luallen, SANS.
Multi denoising approximate message passing for optimal recovery with lower computational cost.
On the resolution-based family of abstract argumentation semantics and its grounded instance.
Evolutionary predator-prey robot systems - from simulation to real world.
s Problem List.
 posts on social media.
 posts on social media.
Estimating self-sustainability in peer-to-peer swarming systems.
A traditional-learning time predictive approach for e-learning systems in challenging environments.
Detection and characterization of usability problems in structured data entry interfaces in dentistry.
Orientaciones en el diseño y evaluación de un curso virtual para la enseñanza de aplicaciones informáticas.
A robotic interface to train grip strength, grip coordination and finger extension following stroke.
Measure transcript integrity using RNA-seq data.
Digital Twin-Based Optimization for Ultraprecision Motion Systems With Backlash and Friction.
information informatis{é}s.
Optimal in-place transposition of rectangular matrices.
Introducing The Neuroscience Gateway.
Automating Lung Cancer Identification in PET/CT Imaging.
Automated retinal health diagnosis using pyramid histogram of visual words and Fisher vector techniques.
Processing images in entangled quantum systems.
Processing universal quantification queries using MapReduce.
Analysis of Single-Phase-to-Ground Faults at the Valve-Side of HB-MMCs in HVDC Systems.
Adaptive Beam-Centric Admission Control for WCDMA Multicell/Multiservice Scenarios with Non-Uniform Traffic.
ExpertDiscovery and UGENE integrated system for intelligent analysis of regulatory regions of genes.
s Edge.
How Video Game Locomotion Methods Affect Navigation in Virtual Environments.
GeoGebra e situações que envolvem modelação numa abordagem STEAM.
Lorentzian Iterative Hard Thresholding - Robust Compressed Sensing with Prior Information.
Early Experiences with Separate Caches for Private and Shared Data.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1, human protein interaction database at NCBI.
Tracking the Implementation of Electronic Medical Records in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Using an Adoption Benchmarking Tool.
Launderability of surface-insulated cut and sew E-textiles.
System Modeling for Priority Schemes in Managed Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Clinical Target-Volume Delineation in Prostate Brachytherapy Using Residual Neural Networks.
Time series classification via divergence measures between probability density functions.
Response integration in modular neural networks using Choquet Integral with Interval type 2 Sugeno measures.
Server-class DDR3 SDRAM memory buffer chip.
s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative - A one-year follow up study using tensor-based morphometry correlating degenerative rates, biomarkers and cognition.
Heat pipe-based radiator for low grade geothermal energy conversion in domestic space heating.
Managing Deviant Behavior in Online Communities III.
Adaptive layered Segment Algorithm for media delivery over 4G LTE wireless cellular networks.
Gradient Methods for Problems with Inexact Model of the Objective.
Design of a Distributed HIDS for IoT Backbone Components.
The influence of tweets and news on the brazilian stock market through sentiment analysis.
An Efficient Routing Mechanism Based on Heading Angle.
Measurement of dynamic task related functional networks using MEG.
Scheduled seeding for latent viral marketing.
Investigating the performance of a wrist stabilization device for image-guided percutaneous scaphoid fixation.
A statistical framework to evaluate virtual screening.
Reducing the Hausdorff Distance in Medical Image Segmentation With Convolutional Neural Networks.
Message from panel chairs.
Digital Emulation of a Versatile Memristor With Speech Encryption Application.
Fostering applications opportunities for the NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Mission.
Geolocation of communications satellite interference.
Parallel iterative multilevel solution of mixed finite element systems for scalar equations.
Adapting Load Balancing Techniques for Improving the Performance of e-Learning Educational Process.
Predicting length of stay in hospitalized patients using SSL algorithms.
Enhanced e-Learning System for e-Courses Based on Cloud Computing.
Reference sequence (RefSeq) database at NCBI - current status, taxonomic expansion, and functional annotation.
The Coalition Policy Management Portal for Policy Authoring, Verification, and Deployment.
s Local Search for Quadratic Assignment Problem Solutions.
Modeling Reverse Logistics Networks - A Case Study for  E-Waste Management Policy.
Outcome prediction based on microarray analysis - a critical perspective on methods.
Love in the time of the corpora. Preferential conceptualizations of love in world Englishes.
An efficient record linkage scheme using graphical analysis for identifier error detection.
Bioprofiling over Grid for eHealthcare.
A multipath channel emulator integrated with a QAM modulator.
Discovery of Empirical Theories Based on the Measurement Theory.
 system use and their a priori expectancies and background.
The Analysis of Abnormal Behavior of the System Local Segment on the Basis of Statistical Data Obtained from the Network Infrastructure Monitoring.
Research and Education in Computational Science and Engineering.
Road to Next Generation Mobile Networks - An Evolutionary Dynamics Approach.
A review of machine learning prediction methods for anxiety disorders.
Improving Classification Rate of Schizophrenia Using a Multimodal Multi-Layer Perceptron Model with Structural and Functional MR.
Robust and Scalable Tracking of Radiation Sources with Cheap Binary Proximity Sensors.
A hybrid method for the QoS analysis and parameter optimization in time-critical random access wireless sensor networks.
An Initial Model for Complex Dynamics in Electric Power System Blackouts.
 in Healthy Adult Volunteers.
DCU Linking Runs at MediaEval 2013 - Search and Hyperlinking Task.
Provably weak instances of Ring-LWE.
The development of an obstetric tele-monitoring system.
Designing for auditory web access - accessibility and cellphone users.
Ring-LWE Cryptography for the Number Theorist.
Line Detection Methods for Spectrogram Images.
E-studium - blended e-learning for university education support.
Average Precision - Good Guide or False Friend to Multimedia Search Effectiveness?
A Comparison Framework for Spectrogram Track Detection Algorithms.
An Investigation into Feature Effectiveness for Multimedia Hyperlinking.
Contribution of Cosmo/SkyMed data into PRIMI - A pilot project on marine oil pollution. results after one year of operations.
Exploring the Impact of Training Data Bias on Automatic Generation of Video Captions.
Validation of the HADRIAN System Using an ATM Evaluation Case Study.
Intelligent content personalisation in internet TV using MPEG-21.
Quality level and fault coverage for multichip modules.
Efficient 3-D TOF PET Reconstruction Using View-Grouped Histo-Images - DIRECT - Direct Image Reconstruction for TOF.
A 100+ meter 12Gb/s/lane copper cable link based on clock-forwarding.
REVERIE - Natural human interaction in virtual immersive environments.
BDI2DoS - An application using collaborating BDI agents to combat DDoS attacks.
Statistical Estimation of Fluid Flow - An Image Restoration Approach.
Artificial Neural Networks and Machine Learning - ICANN 2012 - 22nd International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks, Lausanne, Switzerland, September 11-14, 2012, Proceedings, Part II
Artificial Neural Networks and Machine Learning - ICANN 2012 - 22nd International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks, Lausanne, Switzerland, September 11-14, 2012, Proceedings, Part I
Bayesian sensor fusion with fast and low power stochastic circuits.
List decoding of Hermitian codes using Gröbner bases.
A Neural Network Based Intelligent Predictive Sensor for Cloudiness, Solar Radiation and Air Temperature.
Efficient message-passing and autonomic management architecture for NGNs.
Digital Humanities Quarterly Special Cluster on Arts and Humanities e-Science.
A projected fast ISTA algorithm for joint beam forming and antenna selection in massive MIMO.
Construction of a Neural Network and its Application on Target Classification.
Design and Evaluation of an Autonomous Load Balancing System for Mobile Data Stream Processing Based On a Data Centric Publish Subscribe Approach.
Impact of Software Ecosystems on the Implementation of Open Source-Based Electronic Health Record Software.
Portal da casa de oswaldo cruz e o prêmio nacional de acessibilidade na web.
Wearable Mind Thoughts Controlled Open Source 3D Printed Arm with Embedded Sensor Feedback System.
Calau - An environment for modeling and analyzing embedded real-time systems.
A wireless volatile organic absorption pH sensor using a mixed metal oxide electrode.
Robust Powered Descent with Control Contraction Metrics.
Die E.I.S.-Entwurfssoftware.
Como suportar os desejos de privacidade dinâmicos e contextuais dos usuários em ubicomp? - uma interseção entre questões - ubiquidade e privacidade.
Leader identification in an online health community for cancer survivors - a social network-based classification approach.
High performance moves recognition and sequence segmentation based on key poses filtering.
Recognizing finite matrix groups over infinite fields.
An optimisation approach to constructing an exchange-traded fund.
Time and Date OCR in CCTV Video.
Simulation of demand and supply of urban rail in a multimodal environment.
Multimodal surface-based morphometry reveals diffuse cortical atrophy in traumatic brain injury.
On the predictability of next generation mobile network traffic using artificial neural networks.
Online discrete choice models - Applications in personalized recommendations.
Constraint-driven modeling through transformation.
On the Loadability and Voltage Stability of Islanded AC-DC Hybrid Microgrids During Contingencies.
Graphonomics for the e-citizens - e-health, e-society and e-education.
NDL-v2.0 - A new version of the numerical differentiation library for parallel architectures.
Some theoretical limits on nuclear source localization and tracking.
The genes coding for 4 snRNAs of Drosophila melanogaster - localization and determination of gene numbers.
Facilitating motor imagery-based brain-computer interface for stroke patients using passive movement.
A Cylindrical Radial Basis Function for Solving Partial Differential Equations on Manifolds.
A Dynamic Interdomain Communication Path Setup in Active Network.
 - Women, (lack of) interest and an engineering student competition team.
Cosparse analysis modeling - uniqueness and algorithms.
Towards Fully Integrated Low-Cost Inductive Powered CMOS Wireless Temperature Sensor.
Development of Spatial and Verbal Working Memory Capacity in the Human Brain.
Modeling Blackout Dynamics in Power Transmission Networks with Simple Structure.
The generating rank of the space of short vectors in the Leech lattice mod 2.
Low-power architecture with scratch-pad memory for accelerating embedded applications with run-time reuse.
Enhancement of Infrared Images Based on Efficient Histogram Processing.
ClinVar - public archive of interpretations of clinically relevant variants.
Map-supervised road detection.
The UNAV, a Wind-Powered UAV for Ocean Monitoring - Performance, Control and Validation.
A Strain-Energy Model of Passive Knee Kinematics for the Study of Surgical Implantation Strategies.
VDJdb - a curated database of T-cell receptor sequences with known antigen specificity.
Capital markets valuation and accounting performance of Most Admired Knowledge Enterprise (MAKE) award winners.
Games, Health and the City - Developing Location-Aware Games for Leveraging the Most Suitable Places for Physical Activity.
Integrated vehicle recognition and inspection system to improve security in restricted access areas.
Fusing AMSR-E and QuikSCAT Imagery for Improved Sea Ice Recognition.
Inhibition of HIV-1 protease - the rigidity perspective.
A cross-country model of contextual factors impacting cloud computing adoption at universities in sub-Saharan Africa.
QuePED - Revisiting queueing networks for the performance evaluation of database designs.
Evaluation of graphical user-interfaces for order picking using head-mounted displays.
Image Retrieval and Pattern Spotting using Siamese Neural Network.
Detection of landmines and underground utilities from acoustic and GPR images with a cepstral approach.
Transient and DC approximate expressions for diode circuits.
.
Estimating the parameters of multi-state models with time-dependent covariates through likelihood decomposition.
Heterogeneous Error Protection of H.264/AVC Video Using Hierarchical 16-QAM.
New perspectives to use Munsell color charts with electronic devices.
BYOT Network Solutions for Enterprise Environment.
Power-based multi-cell call admission control scheme for wideband-CDMA systems.
On the Existence of a Saddle Value.
Recognition of cis-Regulatory Elements with Vombat.
Mapping Tropical Dry Forest Succession With CHRIS/PROBA Hyperspectral Images Using Nonparametric Decision Trees.
A model for simulating impacts of seismic events on large power systems.
The graph with spectrum 141 240 (-4)10 (-6)9.
On the chromatic number of q-Kneser graphs.
An online e-Learning authoring tool to create interactive multi-device learning objects using e-Infrastructure resources.
Spectral characterization of a graph on the flags of the eleven point biplane.
 Beliefs about the Contribution of Agile Practices.
Your Fuzzy Relational Neural Network Parameters Optimization with a Genetic Algorithm.
A cliq of content curators.
Linear combinations of primitive elements of a finite field.
End-to-End Conditional GAN-based Architectures for Image Colourisation.
A practical approach for Generalized Predictive Control within an event-based framework.
Mixed Integer Linear Programming Formulation for the Taxi Sharing Problem.
Priority-based charging coordination of plug-in electric vehicles in smart parking lots.
Transductive-Weighted Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System for Tool Wear Prediction in a Turning Process.
Web usage mining to improve the design of an e-commerce website - OrOliveSur.com.
Optimization-seeking experimentations - Design of an RL-circuit via the vs-optimality criterion.
Balancing Exposed and Hidden Nodes in Linear Wireless Networks.
 assessment - an experimental study of e-negotiation.
Digital morphogenesis via Schelling segregation
Image Processing for Automatic Reading of Electro-Mechanical Utility Meters.
Cyclic Shift Code for SAC-OCDMA Using Fiber Bragg-Grating.
Assessing handwitten digit segmentation algorithms.
Detecting Nano-Scale Vibrations in Rotating Devices by Using Advanced Computational Methods.
Orthogonal Matching Pursuit based recovery for correlated sources with partially disjoint supports.
Implementation of a multi-environment learning/teaching platform to improve the dental education quality.
First application of regression analysis to retrieve Soil Moisture from SMAP brightness temperature observations consistent with SMOS.
Providing a holistic educational environment for the whole family.
A gyral coordinate system predictive of fibre orientations.
Open and Big Data Management and Innovation - 14th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2015, Delft, The Netherlands, October 13-15, 2015, Proceedings
A Viability Study of Renewables and Energy Storage Systems Using Multicriteria Decision Making and an Evolutionary Approach.
The role of perceived user-interface design in continued usage intention of self-paced e-learning tools.
A Bio-inspired Algorithm for the Quantitative Analysis of Hind Limb Locomotion Kinematics of Laboratory Rats.
Network traffic application identification based on message size analysis.
Spread-It - A Strategic Game of Competitive Diffusion Through Social Networks.
A survey on resource allocation in high performance distributed computing systems.
An Optimal Greedy Algorithm for the Single Access Contention Resolution Problem.
Selecting syntactic attributes for authorship attribution.
Breaking the Ice in B2C Relationships - Understanding Pre-Adoption E-Commerce Attraction.
A hybrid algorithm for the manufacturing cell formation problem.
The 3rd International Workshop on Global Software Development.
Mapping Species Composition of Forests and Tree Plantations in Northeastern Costa Rica with an Integration of Hyperspectral and Multitemporal Landsat Imagery.
Patient-Centered E-Health - A Status Report.
Using geo-spatial session tagging for smart multicast session discovery.
Modeling of compression system with recirculation technique and validation using PIV.
An investigation on the impact of product modularity level on supply chain performance metrics - an industrial case study.
Clinical testing of an alternate method of inserting bone-implanted fiducial markers.
Integrating Methods to Evaluate Health Information Systems.
Solving linear systems using wavelet compression combined with Kronecker product approximation.
ALUPAS - Avaliação de desempenho e consumo de energia de softwares para sistemas embarcados.
Multi Sensor Data Fusion for High Speed Machining.
Numerical visualization of vortical structures in a lean premixed swirl combustor using LES.
Using expression arrays for copy number detection - an example from E. coli.
Multi-platform Data Integration in Microarray Analysis.
Essential communication practices for Extreme Programming in a global software development team.
The required capacity distribution for the patching bandwidth sharing technique.
Advances and trends in visual crowd analysis - A systematic survey and evaluation of crowd modelling techniques.
Analysis of self-similar data by artificial neural networks.
Understanding the moderating roles of types of recommender systems and products on customer behavioral intention to use recommender systems.
A Methodology for Multiple-Fault Diagnosis Based on the Independent Choice Logic.
A survey on VoIP packet loss techniques.
Sentence Boundary Detection for French with Subword-Level Information Vectors and Convolutional Neural Networks.
A Role-Based Infrastructure for the Management of Dynamic Communities.
Single-cell Hi-C demonstrates that TADs are stable units of Drosophila genome folding that persist in individual cells.
Synthesizing spatial interaction data for social science research - Validation and an investigation of spatial mismatch in Wichita, Kansas.
Metabolic Discrimination of Select List Agents by Monitoring Cellular Responses in a Multianalyte Microphysiometer.
Detection and segmentation of fmcw radar signals based on the chirplet transform.
Energy efficiency design in MC-CDMA cooperative networks.
Modeling and Optimizing Automotive Electric/Electronic (E/E) Architectures - Towards Making Clafer Accessible to Practitioners.
Assessment of temporal predictive models for health care using a formal method.
The Dimension of Subcode-Subfields of Shortened Generalized Reed Solomon Codes
EUFAR goes hyperspectral in FP7.
A character-based convolutional neural network for language-agnostic Twitter sentiment analysis.
Hardware implementation of the Totally Self-Checking SHA-256 hash core.
Scalability Issues in P2P Systems.
Computational Intelligence Methods in Personalized Pharmacotherapy.
Portable Expert System to Voice and Speech Recognition Using an Open Source Computer Hardware.
Structured and incoherent parametric dictionary design.
Assessing and Modeling the Effect of RF Impairments on UTRA LTE Uplink Performance.
Automatic classification of drum sounds with indefinite pitch.
Current-source cascaded multilevel converters based on single-phase power cells.
A Guide to Text Analysis with Latent Semantic Analysis in R with Annotated Code - Studying Online Reviews and the Stack Exchange Community.
 source inverter for HID lamp.
An Expert System for the Numerical Solution of the Radial Schrödinger Equation.
Dissipative High Phase-lag Order Numerov-type Methods for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
On Finite Difference Methods for the Solution of the Schrödinger Equation.
Application of mathematical algorithm on equation of GPS satellite navigation and positioning.
Performance analysis of a threshold-based dynamic TXOP scheme for intra-AC QoS in wireless LANs.
Preconditioning immersed isogeometric finite element methods with application to flow problems.
Towards Ontological Approach on Trust-Aware Ambient Services.
Modular Consensus Algorithms for the Crash-Recovery Model.
Fuzzy inference based wavelet robust sidelobe canceller.
Comparing FPGAs and GPUs for high-performance image processing applications.
Enhanced performance of blind and non-blind adaptive arrays using wavelet beamforming.
Energy-aware online scheduling - Ensuring quality of service for IaaS clouds.
CORDIC Based Pipeline Architecture for All-pass Filters.
Deep Belief Networks using discriminative features for phone recognition.
The Best of Imaging Informatics Research 2015.
 Coverage Perspective.
An experimental reality check on the scaling laws of swarming systems.
On the prediction error of dead-time compensation control for constrained nonlinear systems.
Improving Attitude Words Classification for Opinion Mining Using Word Embedding.
The one-one equivalence of some general combinatorial decision problems.
Efficient decision feedforward equalizer with parallelizable architecture.
Bounding Availability of Repairable Computer Systems.
Does Health Status Affect Patient Preferences for Sharing Clinical Data for Research?
How Far are we from Data Mining Democratisation? A Systematic Review.
Semantic Reasoning in Advanced E-Learning Brokerage Systems.
Compact finite difference modeling of 2-D acoustic wave propagation.
Functional Near Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) synthetic data generation.
MMHealth 2017 - Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care.
Bird-DB - A database for annotated bird song sequences.
Charting the future of Accounting Information Systems (AIS) courses.
Distributed Space-Frequency Coding for Cooperative Diversity Over Broadband Relay Channels With DF Relaying.
Model evaluation in relation to soil N2O emissions - An algorithmic method which accounts for variability in measurements and possible time lags.
Requirements Engineering in Distributed Projects.
Assessment of version 4 of the SMAP passive soil moisture standard product.
Understanding how Students and Faculty REALLY use E-Books - The UK National E-Books Observatory.
Bi-metallic stitched e-textile sensors for sensing salinized liquids.
A binary neural shape matcher using Johnson Counters and chain codes.
Artefacts in Agile Software Development.
Using a National Representative Sample to Evaluate the Integrity of the 30-Day Surgical Mortality Metric.
A Proposed Earthquake Warning System Based on Ionospheric Anomalies Derived From GNSS Measurements and Artificial Neural Networks.
Effects of head-worn display lateral position on visual comfort while reading.
Analysis and optimization of lateral thin-film Silicon-on-insulator (SOI) MOSFET transistors.
A laboratory comparison of computer navigation and individualized guides for distal radius osteotomy.
Design and Validation of a Biofeedback Device to Improve Heel-to-Toe Gait in Seniors.
Performance Classification of Genetic Algorithms on Continuous Optimization Problems.
Solving a Scholar Timetabling Problem Using a Genetic Algorithm - Study Case - Instituto Tecnologico De Zitacuaro.
Do We Need to Walk for Effective Virtual Reality Navigation? Physical Rotations Alone May Suffice.
Higher-Order Finite Element Electromagnetics Code for HPC environments.
Algorithm for simultaneous adaptation and time step iterations for the electromagnetic waves propagation and heating of the human head induced by cell phone.
Kalman-Filter-Based Tracking of Millimeter-Wave Channel Parameters for V2X Applications.
3D hp-Adaptive Finite Element Simulations of a Magic-T Electromagnetic Waveguide Structure.
Modeling Lung Architecture in the XCAT Series of Phantoms - Physiologically Based Airways, Arteries and Veins.
Neural Network Modeling for Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cell (PEMFC).
Assessment of the influence of adaptive components in trainable surface inspection systems.
A Dual-Mode Intelligent Shopping Assistant.
Optimizing fresh food logistics for processing - Application for a large Chilean apple supply chain.
Socioeconomic Foundations Enabling E-Business and E-Government.
Designing a Topological Algorithm for 3D Activity Recognition.
Context-aware block-based motion estimation algorithm for multimedia internet of things (IoT) platform.
New functionalities in the GROMOS biomolecular simulation software.
Modeling the Spatio-Temporal Dynamics of Worm Propagation in Smartphones Based on Cellular Automata.
Assessing the potential of residential HVAC systems for demand-side management.
Fusion Render Cloud System for 3D Contents Using a Super Computer.
Reducing Handover Outage for Autonomous Vehicles with LTE Hybrid Access.
Failure mechanisms in blue InGaN/GaN LEDs for high power operation.
Preface.
On the use of electromagnetic waves as means of power supply in wireless sensor networks.
Wavefront reconstruction using intensity measurements for real-time adaptive optics.
Melodic Segmentation Using the Jensen-Shannon Divergence.
Real-Time PEV Charging/Discharging Coordination in Smart Distribution Systems.
Collaborative ways of knowing - issues in facilitation.
An open source approach to information scent.
Improving RL power for on-line evolution of gaits in modular robots.
Crowdsensing Under (Soft) Control.
Measuring water use, conservation, and differences by gender using an inexpensive, high frequency metering system.
Intraoperative segmentation of iodine and palladium radioactive sources in C-arm images.
An Energy-Efficient Hash-Based MAC Protocol for LSN.
Attack Detection for Load Frequency Control Systems Using Stochastic Unknown Input Estimators.
Implementation of Logical Operations on a Domino Substrate.
Gross primary productivity in the northern region of Para state, Brazilian Amazon, from MOD17 data.
Toward Automatic Activity Classification and Movement Assessment During a Sports Training Session.
Using data envelopment analysis (DEA) to assess government web portals performance.
Characterizing continuous-time random walks on dynamic networks.
Monotonous betting strategies in warped casinos.
Feature Learning to Automatically Assess Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis Severity.
Subgroup Discovery Applied to the e-Commerce Website OrOliveSur.com.
Generalized Analysis of Symmetric and Asymmetric Memristive Two-Gate Relaxation Oscillators.
NSDF - a computer network system description framework and its application to network security.
Speech deconvolution as an inverse problem.
Hypersurfaces in weighted projective spaces over finite fields with applications to coding theory.
On the Application of the Semantic Web Concepts to Adaptive E-learning.
A physics-based intravascular ultrasound image reconstruction method for lumen segmentation.
Robust Likelihood Model for Illumination Invariance in Particle Filtering.
s Algorithm.
Advances in network-based metabolic pathway analysis and gene expression data integration.
Assessing Knee OA Severity with CNN attention-based end-to-end architectures.
A Quorum Sensing Inspired Algorithm for Dynamic Clustering
Optimal Backhaul Resource Management in Wireless-Optical Converged Networks.
Diffusion Maps Kalman Filter.
An EC-based formalism for policy refinement in software-defined networking.
Representing Polysemy and Diachronic Lexico-Semantic Data on the Semantic Web ?
Assigning credit to scientific datasets using article citation networks.
Robust design of dead-time compensator controllers for constrained non-linear systems.
Perspectives and Aspects in PoEML - Supporting Adaptation in Learning Processes.
Experimental pilot project for automating street lighting system in Abu Dhabi using powerline communications.
A Contraction Theory Approach to Stochastic Incremental Stability.
Measuring the Quality Factor in MEMS Devices.
Classification of Pharmaceutical Solid Excipients Using Self-Organizing Maps.
Probabilistic Segmentation of the Lumen from Intravascular Ultrasound Radio Frequency Data.
Wireless indoor low power tracking system for elderly people assistance in an urban environment.
s data and plain X-ray images.
A Conceptual Model to Guide the Evaluation of E-Business Value in Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises in Botswana.
E-mail as a Source and Symbol of Stress.
Verification of P4 programs in feasible time using assertions.
A Simple Model of Double-Loop Hysteresis Behavior in Memristive Elements.
Provisioning Norm - An Asymmetric Quality Measure for SaaS Resource Allocation.
Surface-mount manufacturing for e-textile circuits.
Itchy nose - discreet gesture interaction using EOG sensors in smart eyewear.
An Evolutionary Game Theoretic Model of Rhino Horn Devaluation.
 Skill Level by Investments in an Uncertain Context.
The BeatHealth Project - Application to a Ubiquitous Computing and Music Framework.
Knowledge Bases Enrichment with Temporal Reasoning Using Hyperknowledge.
High resolution diffusion-weighted imaging in fixed human brain using diffusion-weighted steady state free precession.
Updated European Standards for E-voting - The Council of Europe Recommendation Rec(2017)5 on Standards for E-voting.
MVDC Application - Switching Processes AC-to-DC, DC -to- AC and Imbalance Mitigation through DC Mode.
Design of a Flexible AC/DC-Link - AC vs DC Active Power Capacity.
Stress Training Improves Performance During a Stressful Flight.
Retrieving Secondary Forest Aboveground Biomass from Polarimetric ALOS-2 PALSAR-2 Data in the Brazilian Amazon.
 contextual information.
Hindering Reverse Engineering - Thinking Outside the Box.
Avaliação da doença de Alzheimer pela análise multiespectral de imagens DW-MR por redes RBF como alternativa aos mapas ADC.
Interpretation of Sensor-Based 3D Documentation.
Efficient speaker identification from speech transmitted over Bluetooth networks.
Patterns of Collaboration Driven by Requirements in Agile Software Development Teams - Findings from a Multiple Case Study.
Evolving Art Using Multiple Aesthetic Measures.
Approximate iterations for structured matrices.
Sensor Reliability in Cyber-Physical Systems Using Internet-of-Things Data - A Review and Case Study.
Implementation of atomic basis set composed of 1s Gaussian and 1s Slater-type orbitals to carry out quantum mechanics molecular calculations.
Point collocation scheme in silencers with temperature gradient and mean flow.
Content Analysis of Reporting Templates and Free-Text Radiology Reports.
Cooperative Space-Time Coding with Amplify-and- Forward Relaying.
Automatic MOOC Video Classification using Transcript Features and Convolutional Neural Networks.
Hybrid simulation of power quality assessment an application for power ground grid in arc furnace systems.
A Meta-Synthesis of CSCL Literature in STEM Education.
Lack of Ecological and Life History Context Can Create the Illusion of Social Interactions in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Priority Scheme for Enhancing the Capacity of Peer-to-Peer Networks in Mobile Environments.
Qualitative Dynamical Modelling Can Formally Explain Mesoderm Specification and Predict Novel Developmental Phenotypes.
Mogic - Expressing affective messages between empty nesters and their children.
Virtual Reality System for Children Lower Limb Strengthening with the Use of Electromyographic Sensors.
Improvement of Sidestream Dark Field Imaging with an Image Acquisition Stabilizer.
Performance analysis of the TXOP burst transmission scheme in single-hop ad hoc networks with unbalanced stations.
Diffusion imaging of whole, post-mortem human brains on a clinical MRI scanner.
CA-DAG - Communication-Aware Directed Acyclic Graphs for Modeling Cloud Computing Applications.
Wear-a-CUDA - a GPU based dolphin whistle recognizer for underwater wearable computers.
A Fault Detection Approach Based on Machine Learning Models.
Usability Study of RSNA Radiology Reporting Template Library.
Analysis of structural brain connectivity in 6 cases of hemispherectomy.
Violência sexual contra crianças e adolescentes mediada pela tecnologia da informação e comunicação - elementos para a prevenção vitimal.
E-prescribing in Greece - Myth or reality.
SaltiNet - Scan-path Prediction on 360 Degree Images using Saliency Volumes.
Toward digital image processing and eye tracking to promote visual attention for people with autism.
Energy Harvesting from Wastewater with a Single-Chamber Air-Cathode Microbial Fuel Cell.
Research of Thyristor Voltage Regulator Effect on the Harmonics in the Distribution Electric Network.
Jack Watson - Addressing Contract Cheating at Scale in Online Computer Science Education.
Fuzzy Retractions of Fuzzy Open Flat Robertson-Walker Space.
Epidemic Processes Over Time-Varying Networks.
On shrinkage estimation for balanced loss functions.
People detection and articulated pose estimation framework for crowded scenes.
Modeling and Analysis of Passive Switching Crossbar Arrays.
MSCA - a spectral comparison algorithm between time series to identify protein-protein interactions.
s Rotation processors for DSP real-time applications.
Real time Cepstrum computation based on an Advanced CORDIC processor.
The U.S. Army Person-Event Data Environment - A Military-Civilian Big Data Enterprise.
High-Performance and Compact Architecture for Regular Expression Matching on FPGA.
 - incorporating geocoded social determinants into electronic records to promote patient and population health.
Provider variation in responses to warnings - do the same providers run stop signs repeatedly?
E-tools for hospital management - An overview of smartphone applications for health professionals.
Including other system in E-Care telemonitoring platform.
Deep Learning Approaches for Image Retrieval and Pattern Spotting in Ancient Documents.
Making a Difference - Analytics for Quality Knowledge-Building Conversations.
Scientific Discourse of Citizen Scientists - A Collaborative Modeling as a Boundary Object.
Validation of and delay variation in total ionizing dose hardened standard cell libraries.
The Effects of Motion Artifacts on Self-Avatar Agency.
Generic parameter control with reinforcement learning.
Compression of Data Streams Down to Their Information Content.
PARQR - Augmenting the Piazza Online Forum to Better Support Degree Seeking Online Masters Students.
Towards haptic learning on a smartwatch.
Business School Research - Measuring Value Contribution Through Citations of Journals in Patents.
The Biomolecular Interaction Network Database and related tools 2005 update.
Synchronization and quorum sensing in a swarm of humanoid robots
Laminar origin of evoked ECoG high-gamma activity.
Adaptive radio spectrum allocation through mid-term reconfigurations for cellular communications systems.
Unitary ESPRIT - how to exploit additional information inherent in the relational invariance structure.
ADC-Based Serial I/O Receivers.
s equations).
Revealing Significant Biological Knowledge via Gene Ontologies and Pathways.
Discount User-Centered e-Health Design - A Quick-but-not-Dirty Method.
Network Adaptive Flow Control Algorithm for Haptic Data Over the Internet-NAFCAH.
Obstacle Avoidance Strategy using Onboard Stereo Vision on a Flapping Wing MAV.
Catalytic DNA Strand Displacement Cascades Applied to Logic Programming.
Modelling Incremental LearningWith The Batch SOM Training Method.
The impact of real-time alerting on appropriate prescribing in kidney disease - a cluster randomized controlled trial.
s disease.
Enhancing Person Annotation for Personal Photo Management Applications.
III-V semiconductor nanowires for future devices.
Comparing Aesthetic Measures for Evolutionary Art.
Eager recirculating memory to alleviate the von Neumann Bottleneck.
Energy-efficient routing based on vehicular consumption predictions of a mesoscopic learning model.
Joint segmentation of multivariate Gaussian processes using mixed linear models.
Focus of attention modulates the heartbeat evoked potential.
On the Discretization of a Class of Homogeneous Differentiators.
Non-Stationary Polar Codes for Resistive Memories.
Getting past the first year - Retaining engineering majors.
A historical perspective of algorithmic lateral inhibition and accumulative computation in computer vision.
Achieving security assurance with assertion-based application construction.
High-affinity interactions of ligands at recombinant Guinea pig 5HT7 receptors.
Kinect vs. Low-cost Inertial Sensing for Gesture Recognition.
Full-parasites - database of full-length cDNAs of apicomplexa parasites, 2010 update.
Analyzing the feasibility of time correlated spectral entropy for the assessment of neuronal synchrony.
Visualizing long vectors of measurements by use of the Hilbert curve.
The transprecision computing paradigm - Concept, design, and applications.
The Impact of Preprocessing on Deep Representations for Iris Recognition on Unconstrained Environments.
Primal and dual bounds for the vertex p-median problem with balance constraints.
Isoclinism of crossed modules.
An Evaluation of Local Action Descriptors for Human Action Classification in the Presence of Occlusion.
An open access medical knowledge base for community driven diagnostic decision support system development.
Towards a Standard for Mobile E-Learning.
Introduction to computer science and economic theory.
Impact of Data Presentation on Physician Performance Utilizing Artificial Intelligence-Based Computer-Aided Diagnosis and Decision Support Systems.
Caching hit probability and Compressive Sensing perspective for mobile cellular networks.
Pollaczek contour integrals for the fixed-cycle traffic-light queue.
Approximately dual Gabor frames and almost perfect reconstruction based on a class of window functions.
) - Measuring the Effect of Autogenerated Social Encouragement on Student Anxiety.
HPCS 2012 panels - Panel I - Energy efficient systems in next generation high performance data and compute centers.
Unified Formalization of «Natural» Classification, «Natural» Concepts, and Consciousness as Integrated Information by Giulio Tononi1.
Gaining Insight into Sustainable Telecommunications Infrastructure - A Case of Aerosol Retention over Sokoto, Nigeria.
High-value remote sensing for the geosciences - Opportunistic use of navigation satellite signals.
On the energy optimization for precedence constrained applications using local search algorithms.
Synthesizing Periodic Tilings of Regular Polygons.
Cloud E-learning for Mechatronics - CLEM.
Protecting domestic power-line communications.
DynaMIT2.0 - Architecture Design and Preliminary Results on Real-Time Data Fusion for Traffic Prediction and Crisis Management.
Optical-Flow based Self-Supervised Learning of Obstacle Appearance applied to MAV Landing.
Feature Selection Ranking and Subset-Based Techniques with Different Classifiers for Intrusion Detection.
Personalized Guided Tour by Multiple Robots through Semantic Profile Definition and Dynamic Redistribution of Participants.
A case Study of an African e-Government/e-Governance Development.
GRASP and hybrid GRASP-Tabu heuristics to solve a maximal covering location problem with customer preference ordering.
An investigation of factors affecting biometric technology adoption in a developing country context.
Designing Workflows on the Fly Using e-BioFlow.
How Teens with Visual Impairments Take, Edit, and Share Photos on Social Media.
The biometric potential of transient otoacoustic emissions.
Active Trailer Braking system design with Linear Matrix Inequalities based multi-objective robust LQR controller for vehicle-trailer systems.
On the Complexity of Approximating Wasserstein Barycenter.
A comparative note on the relaxation algorithms for the linear semi-infinite feasibility problem.
Pairwise alignment incorporating dipeptide covariation.
Automated differentiation of glioblastomas from intracranial metastases using 3T MR spectroscopic and perfusion data.
Modelling parareal convergence in 2D drift wave plasma turbulence.
Copy-Move Forgery Detection Based on Discrete and SURF Transforms.
People, Penguins and Petri Dishes - Adapting Object Counting Models To New Visual Domains And Object Types Without Forgetting.
s WTA with enhanced loop gain.
14).
Toward Silent-Speech Control of Consumer Wearables.
Multicasting for cascaded fault-tolerant Wireless Networked Control Systems in noisy industrial environments.
Search and Placement in Tiered Cache Networks.
Intelligent Systems and Knowledge Management (Part II).
Collaborative syllabus design for studying information work.
IoT-based collaborative reputation system for associating visitors and artworks in a cultural scenario.
Continuous timed Petri Net model of Brayton Cycle for a gas turbine.
Phantasm - Using Player Communication as Key Source of Gameplay.
SalGAN - Visual Saliency Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks.
Open government 2.0 - citizen empowerment through open data, web and mobile apps.
Knowledge Maps - Fundamentally Modular Approach to Software Architecture, Design, Development and Deployment.
Functional Frank-Wolfe Boosting for General Loss Functions.
Preface to the special issue, CMAM 2011, no. 3.
Towards an integrated robotics architecture for social inclusion - The RAPP paradigm.
Low-Power Direct Resistive Sensor-to-Microcontroller Interfaces.
Cloudification of my.eskwela for e-Governance in Philippine Education.
Tensor-Train Ranks for Matrices and Their Inverses.
Behind the curtain - the importance of replica selection in next generation cellular networks.
Feature Selection for Ensembles Using the Multi-Objective Optimization Approach.
From the Ehrenfest model to time-fractional stochastic processes.
A methodology for unveiling global innovation networks - patent citations as clues to cross border knowledge flows.
Smart and connected e-Health lab for standards validation and conformance.
Identifying Pain and Hunger in Infant Cry with Classifiers Ensembles.
Translating Fire Impacts in Southwestern Amazonia into Economic Costs.
Linear Matrix Inequalities for Physically Consistent Inertial Parameter Identification - A Statistical Perspective on the Mass Distribution.
Records Properties of Non Stationary Time Series.
Note from the editors of the special issue of the best paper nominees from the 2011 International Symposium on Wearable Computers.
An optimized two-step hybrid block method for solving general second order initial-value problems.
Real-Time Gaze Estimation Using a Kinect and a HD Webcam.
A Low-Cost Head and Eye Tracking System for Realistic Eye Movements in Virtual Avatars.
Radiative signatures of the relativistic Kelvin-Helmholtz instability.
PDBe - Protein Data Bank in Europe.
Predicting Folds in Poker Using Action Unit Detectors and Decision Trees.
Dependability approach for evaluating software development risks.
s disease, mild cognitive impairment, and elderly controls.
Clustering of PP Nanocomposites Flow Curves Under Different Extrusion Conditions.
The Spectrum of the Second Subconstituent of the Bilinear Forms Graph Hq(d, e).
Low Computational Complexity Variable Block Size (VBS) Partitioning for Motion Estimation Using the Walsh Hadamard Transform (WHT).
Effects of environmental conditions on evolved robot morphologies and behavior.
Localization and detection of breast cancer tumors with Digital Image Elasto-Tomography.
Performance Analysis of Simple Channel Feedback Schemes for a Practical OFDMA System.
A Model-Driven Ecosystem for the Definition of Data Mining Domain-Specific Languages.
Modular multi-level DC-DC converter for high-power and high-voltage applications.
Power flow control using a DC-DC MMC for HVdc grid connected wind power plants.
Considerations for a touchscreen visual lifelog.
FWB - Funneling Wider Bandwidth algorithm for high performance data collection in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Enhancing Selection Hyper-heuristics via Feature Transformations.
Optimization of Swarm Behavior Assisted by an Automatic Local Proof for a Pattern Formation Task.
On Constructing Minimal Formulae.
Low-voltage differential voltage follower for WTA and fully differential applications.
Speech enhancement with an adaptive Wiener filter.
Web 2.0 in e-Learning.
A GH-SOM optimization with SOM labelling and dunn index.
An Android Application for Animated Lecture Retrieval in E-Learning.
Spectral Efficiency of Massive MIMO FD Relay-Aided D2D and Cellular in HetNets with Imperfect CSI.
Enhancement of Wireless 3D Video Communication Using Color-Plus-Depth Error Restoration Algorithms and Bayesian Kalman Filtering.
An Adaptive Fuzzy Logic Control Strategy for Performance Enhancement of a Grid-Connected PMSG-Based Wind Turbine.
Multimodal Biometrics-Based Student Attendance Measurement in Learning Management Systems.
Laser Doppler imaging for intraoperative human brain mapping.
Clinical decision support system (DSS) in the diagnosis of malaria - A case comparison of two soft computing methodologies.
Mobile Learning Achievement from the Perspective of Self-efficacy - A Case Study of Basic Computer Concepts Course.
Optimal control in the presence of state uncertainty.
Defending against phishing attacks - taxonomy of methods, current issues and future directions.
Authentication enhancement techniques for BAC in 2G E-passport.
Thought Leadership in e-Governance, e-Infrastructure, and e-Business in Africa.
Practical Planar Metric Rectification.
A Compressed-Sensing Based Blind Deconvolution Method for Image Deblurring in Dental Cone-Beam Computed Tomography.
A data center command and control infrastructure for a computing resource ensemble (Uma infraestrutura de comando e controle de data center para um conjunto de recursos computacionais).
Altered Connectivity of the Balance Processing Network After Tongue Stimulation in Balance-Impaired Individuals.
Model AI Assignments 2014.
Optimal Timing Assessment for Crop Separation Using Multispectral Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Data and Textural Features.
Automatic Detection of Knee Joints and Quantification of Knee Osteoarthritis Severity using Convolutional Neural Networks.
Predicting packet loss statistics with hidden Markov models.
GGRESRC - A Monte Carlo generator for the two-photon process e+e-→e+e-R(JPC=0-+) in the single-tag mode.
Secure messaging and diabetes management - experiences and perspectives of patient portal users.
Accelerated microstructure imaging via convex optimisation for regions with multiple fibres (AMICOx).
Color to Gray and Back transformation for distributing color digital images.
Special Issue - Knowledge-based intelligent systems and their applications.
 8-K filing timeliness and compliance?
Magnetic Resonance Poroelastography - An Algorithm for Estimating the Mechanical Properties of Fluid-Saturated Soft Tissues.
Experiences and Insights from the Collection of a Novel Multimedia EEG Dataset.
An Ontological Approach to Secure MANET Management.
Task-space setpoint control of robots with dual task-space information.
E-Health - First IMIA/IFIP Joint Symposium, E-Health 2010, Held as Part of WCC 2010, Brisbane, Australia, September 20-23, 2010. Proceedings
Enhancing the Functionality of Interactive TV with Content-Based Multimedia Analysis.
Rapid DNA fingerprinting using alkaline phosphatase-conjugated oligonucleotides.
Collective neuro-evolution for evolving specialized sensor resolutions in a multi-rover task.
Pathway collages - personalized multi-pathway diagrams.
Feature Curve Extraction on Triangle Meshes.
A Novel Dynamic Power Routing Scheme to Maximize Loadability of Islanded Hybrid AC/DC Microgrids Under Unbalanced AC Loading.
LIQUID - an-open source software for identifying lipids in LC-MS/MS-based lipidomics data.
PHY-layer link quality indicators for wireless networks using matched-filters.
DNA sequence analysis using fuzzy grammars.
A Low Voltage, Low Power and Highly Linear CMOS Down-Conversion Gilbert Cell Mixer Using MGTR Method.
Two-Dimensional-Three-Dimensional Correspondence in Mammography.
Supporting the forearm and wrist during mouse and keybord work. A field study.
Recent Declines in Warming and Vegetation Greening Trends over Pan-Arctic Tundra.
Exploring Seismic Data through Virtual Reality and Hybrid Knowledge Base.
Performance Investigation and Comparison between Virtual Networks and Physical Networks Based on an Advanced Testbed Network.
Connectivity-based segmentation of human amygdala nuclei using probabilistic tractography.
A Knowledge Oriented Virtual Reality Tool for Exploring Seismic Data.
Accessible interactive television using the MPEG-21 standard.
Promoting healthy teenage behaviour across three European countries through the use of a novel smartphone technology platform, PEGASO fit for future - study protocol of a quasi-experimental, controlled, multi-Centre trial.
Towards an Automatic Imaging Biopsy of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Geppetto - An Environment for the Efficient Control and Transmission of Digital Puppetry.
Metadata and providing access to e-books.
Integrating an Ontology of Radiology Differential Diagnosis with ICD-10-CM, RadLex, and SNOMED CT.
Optimal Control of Sediment in Irrigation Canals.
Simulation-based dynamic traffic assignment for short-term planning applications.
Métodos de Aprendizaje Automático aplicados a la Predicción de Palabras para Portugués de Brasil.
Wireless System Based in Cellular Network for Monitoring Marine Mammals at Mexican Coast.
vrSocial - Toward Immersive Therapeutic VR Systems for Children with Autism.
Evaluating Completeness of a Radiology Glossary Using Iterative Refinement.
Distributed workflows for modeling experimental data.
The landsat data continuity mission operational land imager (OLI) radiometric calibration.
Popularity-Driven Networking
Chaotic encryption of speech signals.
Hydro-mechanical model for wetting/drying and fracture development in geomaterials.
Supporting decisions in real-time enterprises - autonomic supply chain systems.
Estimation of Optimal Fiducial Target Registration Error in the Presence of Heteroscedastic Noise.
Incremental Contingency Planning for Recovering from Uncertain Outcomes.
Optimal Protection Coordination for Microgrids Considering N $-$1 Contingency.
Efficient multi-feature PSO for fast gray level object-tracking.
Parameter Control in Evolutionary Algorithms.
Power-aware scheduling of real-time applications onto MPSoC platforms with multi-bank shared memory.
A Review of EEG and MEG Epileptic Spike Detection Algorithms.
Bridging the Socio-technical Gap in Decision Support Systems - Challenges for the Next Decade, DSS 2010, the 15th IFIP WG8.3 International Conference on Decision Support Systems, July 7-10, 2010, Faculty of Sciences, University of Lisbon, Portugal
Toward Automatic Detection of Radiation-Induced Cerebral Microbleeds Using a 3D Deep Residual Network.
Characterization and development of NUV SiPMs for INFN optical modules for the SCT Medium Size Telescope proposed for the CTA Observatory.
Correction to - Toward Automatic Detection of Radiation-Induced Cerebral Microbleeds Using a 3D Deep Residual Network.
First-principles multiway spectral partitioning of graphs.
Spectral Angle Mapper classification of fluorescence hyperspectral image for aflatoxin contaminated corn.
User-Centred E-Health - Engaging Users into the e-Health Design Process.
Evaluación Atomática de un Sistema Híbrido de Predicción de Palabras y Expansiones.
Optimizing thymic recovery in HIV patients through multidrug therapies.
Evaluation of the Progressive Polynomial Compensation Algorithm for dynamic or Real-Time applications.
An Improved High-Resolution SST Climatology to Assess Cold Water Events off Florida.
Multipurpose, Fully-Integrated 128×128 Event-Driven MD-SiPM with 512 16-Bit TDCs with 45 PS LSB and 20 NS Gating.
Semi-automated detection of single cell signatures from a dielectrophoretic cytometer.
RealME - the influence of body and hand representations on body ownership and presence.
A Comparison of Meta-heuristic Search for Interactive Software Design
An ensemble based system for Chlorophyll-a estimation using MODIS imagery over Southern Quebec inland waters.
A Unified Framework for Individualized Avatar-Based Interactions.
 - Extracting Political History from Large Databases of Digitized Media Collections.
Parallel Implementation of Cellular Automaton Model of the Carbon Corrosion Under the Influence of the Electrochemical Oxidation.
Fabrication of Low Cost Surface Acoustic Wave Sensors Using Direct Printing by Aerosol Inkjet.
Performance evaluation of a multispectral classificator that employs high-performance computing techniques.
A Simulated Annealing Hyper-heuristic for Job Shop Scheduling Problems.
An Improved Firefly Algorithm for the Unrelated Parallel Machines Scheduling Problem With Sequence-Dependent Setup Times.
The TANGRAM-II Environment.
ICFHR 2014 Competition on Handwritten Digit String Recognition in Challenging Datasets (HDSRC 2014).
Implementation of HSSec - a high-speed cryptographic co-processor.
The Flannotator - a gene and protein expression annotation tool for Drosophila melanogaster.
HCI for peace - preventing, de-escalating and recovering from conflict.
How small can you go? - analyzing the effect of visual angle in pointing tasks.
Unsupervised Gene Expression Data using Enhanced Clustering Method.
Cost-effective autonomous sensor for the long-term monitoring of water electrical conductivity of crop fields.
Microfluidic device for simultaneous pulsed electric field electroporation and dielectrophoresis studies of single biological cells.
Development of an Electronic Trigger Tool for Identifying Inpatient Diagnostic Error.
Dissipative trigonometrically-fitted methods for linear second-order IVPs with oscillating solution.
Artificial cognitive control with self-x capabilities - A case study of a micro-manufacturing process.
Online Bi-Objective Scheduling for IaaS Clouds Ensuring Quality of Service.
The IMIA initiatives on Trustworthy Reuse of Health Data - A Report.
Computational modelling of cancerous mutations in the EGFR/ERK signalling pathway.
The Best of Imaging Informatics Research 2016.
Evaluation of Unsteady Wave Influence on Tidal Stream and Mitigation Strategy.
Segmentation-Free Approaches for Handwritten Numeral String Recognition.
Correction to - Methods for identifying 30 chronic conditions - application to administrative data.
A Deep DUAL-PATH Network for Improved Mammogram Image Processing.
Kaviar - an accessible system for testing SNV novelty.
User Level Fairness of a Multirate 3G Technology (EVDO) With Application to Digital TV Return Channel Technology.
Optimizing the Code Rate of Energy-Constrained Wireless Communications With HARQ.
A new linear spectral transformation associated with derivatives of Dirac linear functionals.
Functional connections between optic flow areas and navigationally responsive brain regions during goal-directed navigation.
The Impact of Contract Manufacturing on Inventory Performance - An Examination of U.S. Manufacturing Industries.
X-ray imaging software tools for HPC clusters and the Cloud.
Mobile Networks A hybrid multirate MAC protocol providing trade-off between throughput and fairness in future TD-CDMA networks.
Gesturing and Embodiment in Teaching - Investigating the Nonverbal ‎Behavior of Teachers in a Virtual Rehearsal Environment ‎.
Consistency of vegetation index seasonality across the Amazon rainforest.
Environmental multiway data mining. (Fouille de données tensorielles environnementales).
Quantile regression for index tracking and enhanced indexation.
Coordination Without Collaboration in Imperfect Games - The Primary User Emulation Attack Example.
Do Stuck Fault Models Reflect Manufacturing Defects?
Computational methods for structured sparse component analysis of convolutive speech mixtures.
 More.
Development Risk Assessment in Software Projects Using Dependability Models.
 counties.
Intelligent Energy-Aware Networks.
A Novel Decentralized Control Scheme for Enhanced Nonlinear Load Sharing and Power Quality in Islanded Microgrids.
Optimize hardware with fixed-point variable length phase factors.
CAD tool autogeneration of VHDL FFT for FPGA/ASIC implementation.
 maturity model - Architectural and procedural views.
PImMS - A self-triggered, 25ns resolution monolithic CMOS sensor for Time-of-Flight and Imaging Mass Spectrometry.
Integrating Wikipedia Articles and Images into an Information Resource for Radiology Patients.
Algebraic soft-decision decoding of Hermitian codes.
Distributed model predictive control for energy distribution.
Partial volume correction in quantitative amyloid imaging.
Chemical Abstracts Service Chemical Registry System. 13. Enhanced handling of stereochemistry.
Virtual Network Resource Allocation Considering Dependability Issues.
The impact of an online patient decision aid for women with breast cancer considering immediate breast reconstruction - study protocol of a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
A user-friendly tool for comprehensive evaluation of the geographical origins of atmospheric pollution - Wind and trajectory analyses.
Lightweight encryption algorithm in wireless body area network for e-health monitoring.
Minority student informed retention strategies.
Evaluating the implementation of a personal health record for chronic primary and secondary care - a mixed methods approach.
Meta-Learning Based Framework for Helping Non-expert Miners to Choice a Suitable Classification Algorithm - An Application for the Educational Field.
A construction of the sporadic Suzuki graph from U3(4).
DNA Mining and genealogical information systems - Not just for finding family ethnicity.
Open Information Enterprise Transactions - Business Intelligence and Wash and Spoof Transactions in Blockchain and Social Commerce.
Audio-Visual Classification Video Browser.
An economic analysis of grid-tied residential photovoltaic systems - A case study of Saudi Arabia.
Finite elements in flow problems 2015.
Increasing the security of e-commerce systems using multi-agents.
Automatic Data Clustering Using Hybrid Firefly Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm.
PORTER - a Prototype System for Patient-Oriented Radiology Reporting.
Soft-sensing estimation of plant effluent concentrations in a biological wastewater treatment plant using an optimal neural network.
 graduation time.
Noose Structure and Bifurcations of Periodic Orbits in Reversible Three-Dimensional Piecewise Linear Differential Systems.
Parametric Properties of Ideal Semantics.
A routing algorithm based on fuzzy logics for elastic optical networks.
Sensitivity and uncertainty analysis in agro-hydrological modelling of drip fertigated lettuce crops under Mediterranean conditions.
Visual Model-predictive Localization for Computationally Efficient Autonomous Racing of a 72-gram Drone.
Examination of corticothalamic fiber projections in United States service members with mild traumatic brain injury.
Moving A6 to Historic Status.
Forecasting the Portuguese Electricity Consumption Using Least-Squares Support Vector Machines.
Tools for User Interaction in Immersive Environments.
Thermal analysis of GMAW process using Finite Element Method and experimental data.
A data locality methodology for matrix-matrix multiplication algorithm.
Multi-Camera Sensor System for 3D Segmentation and Localization of Multiple Mobile Robots.
E-learning basics - essay - dead trainer walking - making a business case for e-learning.
Shape optimization of a power MOS device under uncertainties.
A Monospectral Approach for fMRI Analysis using Kohonen Self-Organized Networks.
The Modular Optical Underwater Survey System.
A Novel Fingerprint Quality Assessment Based on Gabor Filters.
Peak-to-average power ratio reduction in space-time block coded multi-input multi-output orthogonal frequency division multiplexing systems using a small overhead selective mapping scheme.
Some Remarks on the Elman Estimate for GMRES.
Improved coastal wetland mapping using very-high 2-meter spatial resolution imagery.
Allocative efficiency in branch banking.
ProCom - Designing and Evaluating a Mobile and Wearable System to Support Proximity Awareness for People with Autism.
.
Differentiated Backoff Strategies for Prioritized Random Access Delay in Multiservice Cellular Networks.
Performance enhancement of power line communication systems with efficient low density parity-check codes, noise removal, equalization, and chaotic interleaving.
An Insight into the Interplay between Culture, Conflict and Distance in Globally Distributed Requirements Negotiations.
Variations of the star schema benchmark to test the effects of data skew on query performance.
Surveys in artificial intelligence-based technologies.
Cocliques in the Kneser graph on line-plane flags in PG(4;q).
A Machine Learning Approach to Clinical Terms Normalization.
A COTS-based approach for estimating performance and energy consumption of embedded real-time systems.
Uncertainty in heart rate complexity metrics caused by R-peak perturbations.
Security Considerations for Galois Non-dual RLWE Families.
An intelligent cognitive MAC-based sensing protocol with pseudo-deterministic convergence bounds.
Bias effect on predicting market trends with EMD.
Designing for Movement in Public Life with Itinerant Probes.
A microformat based approach for crawling and locating services in the eGovernment domain.
Exploiting the IPID Field to Infer Network Path and End-System Characteristics.
Locating and Crawling eGovernment Services A Light-weight Semantic Approach.
Classification and characterization of periventricular and deep white matter hyperintensities on MRI - A study in older adults.
UAS-SfM for Coastal Research - Geomorphic Feature Extraction and Land Cover Classification from High-Resolution Elevation and Optical Imagery.
QSL - A Specification Language for E-Questionnaire, E-Testing, and E-Voting Systems.
Efficient implementation of image interpolation as an inverse problem.
Rank Awareness in Joint Sparse Recovery
The Importance of Human-Computer Interaction in Radiology E-learning.
A Time-Delayed Multi-Master-Single-Slave Non-Linear Tele-Robotic System Through State Convergence.
QoS Analysis for a Nonpreemptive Continuous Monitoring and Event-Driven WSN Protocol in Mobile Environments.
On the optimization of SBST test program compaction.
Assessing the Feasibility of an Automated Suggestion System for Communicating Critical Findings from Chest Radiology Reports to Referring Physicians.
Quality Standards for e-Learning in Vocational Education and Training - The Certified European E-Tutor.
Heights of minor 5-stars in 3-polytopes with minimum degree 5 and no vertices of degree 6 and 7.
Simulated annealing based symbiotic organisms search optimization algorithm for traveling salesman problem.
Asynchronous Distributed Motion Planning with Safety Guarantees under Second-Order Dynamics.
A general descriptor for detecting abnormal action performance from skeletal data.
Boosting Bitext Compression.
UO_UA - Using Latent Semantic Analysis to Build a Domain-Dependent Sentiment Resource.
 e-Democracy - 7th International and 4th e-Democracy, Joint Conferences, ICGS3/e-Democracy 2011, Thessaloniki, Greece, August 24-26, 2011, Revised Selected Papers
Proceedings of the 2015 ACM SIGCOMM Workshop on Crowdsourcing and Crowdsharing of Big (Internet) Data, C2B(I)D@SIGCOMM 2015, London, United Kingdom, August 17, 2015
Universal Symmetry in Complex Network Control.
Universal Functions Originator - Part II - Evaluation.
Influence of Realistic Head Modeling on EEG Forward Problem.
Social Network to Improve the Educational Experience with the Deployment of Different Learning Models.
Universal Functions Originator - Part I - Design.
Mobile Search through Dynamic Mashups.
The Structure-Function Linkage Database.
Assessing resource-use efficiency of land use.
Remote sensing for mapping natural habitats and their conservation status - New opportunities and challenges.
s Participation in the Predicting Media Memorability Task at MediaEval 2018.
Assessing survivability to support power grid investment decisions.
YASS - Yet Another Spike Sorter.
A unified spectra analysis workflow for the assessment of microbial contamination of ready to eat green salads - Comparative study and application of non-invasive sensors.
Enhancing Clone-and-Own with Systematic Reuse for Developing Software Variants.
Motivational Factors and the Intention of Use of a Virtual Learning Environment - A Preliminary Study about an e-Learning Application Developed by the Brazilian Ministry of Education.
Using information layers for mapping grassland habitat distribution at local to regional scales.
Is It Enough to just Rely on Near-End, Middle, and Far-End Points to get Feasible Relay Coordination?
IPv6 Flow Label Specification.
An Iterative Spanning Forest Framework for Superpixel Segmentation.
On hierarchically developing reactive systems.
An embedded inductively coupled printed circuit board based corrosion potential sensor.
Decentralized Coordination of a Building Manager and an Electric Vehicle Aggregator.
Additional Transition Functionality for IPv6.
Identification of the Listeria monocytogenes survival curves in UHT whole milk utilising local linear wavelet neural networks.
Cybermussels - a biological sensor network using freshwater mussels.
Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding
Determination of transistor infant failure probability in InGaP/GaAs heterojunction bipolar technology.
E-delivery of personalised healthcare information to intermediaries for suicide prevention.
Localized QoS Routing with Admission Control for Congestion Avoidance.
@scale - insights from a large, long-lived appliance energy WSN.
Iteratively re-weighted least squares for sparse signal reconstruction from noisy measurements.
Weightlifting Motion Planning for a Puma 762 Robot.
Energy-Aware Scheduling on Multicore Heterogeneous Grid Computing Systems.
The Challenges of Reinforcement Learning in Robotics and Optimal Control.
Improving the Predictability of GRNN Using Fruit Fly Optimization and PCA - The Nile Flood Forecasting.
Priority Scheme for Mobile Nodes in P2P Bit-Torrent Based Networks.
Implicit Coordination - A Case Study of the Rails OSS Project.
Performance Analysis of BitTorrent-Like P2P Networks for Video Streaming Services at the Chunk Level.
An embedded system for image segmentation and multimodal registration in noninvasive skin cancer screening.
The Internet of Cultural Things - Towards a Smart Cultural Heritage.
Visual Representation of a Multidimensional Coding Scheme for Understanding Technology-Mediated Learning about Complex Natural Systems.
A 500MHz- 2.7 GHz 8-path weaver downconverter with harmonic rejection and embedded filtering.
Práticas de escrita e tecnologias digitais na educação de jovens e adultos - novelas e-paralelas.
A unified view of Balanced Truncation and Singular Perturbation Approximations.
Estimating student dropout in distance higher education using semi-supervised techniques.
Performance Testing of Different Configurations of Hybrid Proposed Models for Solar Radiation Prediction Using WNN and ANN.
Multichannel ultrasound instrumentation for on-line monitoring of power transformers with internal fiber optic sensors.
Proceedings of the International Conference on Measurements and Modeling of Computer Systems, SIGMETRICS 2002, June 15-19, 2002, Marina Del Rey, California, USA
Compressive spectrum sensing using complementary matrices for cooperative cognitive radio networks under a non-reconstruction framework.
Relating the Semantics of Abstract Dialectical Frameworks and Standard AFs.
Experience building non-functional requirement models of a complex industrial architecture.
Optimal Selection and Identification of Defects in Chestnuts Processing, through Computer Vision, Taking Advantage of its Inherent Characteristics.
Transmission schedules to prevent traffic analysis.
mDNS - A Proposal for Hierarchical Multicast Session Directory Architecture.
Survivability models for the assessment of smart grid distribution automation network designs.
Fully wireless implementation of distributed beamforming on a software-defined radio platform.
Recovering Feature-to-Code Mappings in Mixed-Variability Software Systems.
Experimental Determination of Intrinsic Drosophila Embryo Coordinates by Evolutionary Computation.
Routing to Multi-Instantiated Destinations - Principles, Practice, and Applications.
Automated generation of assessment tests from domain ontologies.
Interactive ant colony optimization (iACO) for early lifecycle software design.
AQuA - An Adaptive Architecture that Provides Dependable Distributed Objects.
Visualization of supersonic flows with bow shock using transversal discharges.
Semantic interactions in the Internet of Things.
Probabilistic Dynamic Logic of Phenomena and Cognition.
Speech transmission with COFDM based on different discrete transforms.
On Deciding Admissibility in Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
Intelligent Hierarchical Control System for Complex Processes - Three Levels Control System.
Public views of mobile medical devices and services - A US national survey of consumer sentiments towards RFID healthcare technology.
Fault Detection and Diagnosis in a Heat Exchanger.
Coupling effects of nonlocal and surface energy on vibration analysis of nanobeams.
Energy-aware VM Allocation on an Opportunistic Cloud Infrastructure.
LLp metric based robust clustering.
Estimating parameters for a dynamical dengue model using genetic algorithms.
A Non-cooperative Active Measurement Technique for Estimating the Average and Variance of the One-Way Delay.
Remarks on two symmetric polynomials and some matrices.
Body Ownership in Virtual Reality.
Derivation of identities involving some special polynomials and numbers via generating functions with applications.
Combining fMRI Data and Neural Networks to Quantify Contextual Effects in the Brain.
Strain and layout management in dual channel (sSOI substrate, SiGe channel) planar FDSOI MOSFETs.
Asset Management Strategies for Power Electronic Converters in Transmission Networks - Application to Hvdc and FACTS Devices.
CYGD - the Comprehensive Yeast Genome Database.
Generation of synthetic structural magnetic resonance images for deep learning pre-training.
The use of gamification in education - a bibliometric and text mining analysis.
Assessment of Errors Caused by Forest Vegetation Structure in Airborne LiDAR-Derived DTMs.
Be Careful What You Wish For - The Effects of Issue Interpretation on Social Choices in Professional Networks.
On-Line Evolution of Controllers for Aggregating Swarm Robots in Changing Environments.
Blind separation of audio signals using trigonometric transforms and Kalman filtering.
Emotions in Motion - The Combined Effect of Positive and Negative Emotions on Personalised E-Commerce.
Adapting dynamic classifier selection for concept drift.
A Contraction Theory Approach to Singularly Perturbed Systems.
Learning with ecosystem models - a tale of two classrooms.
Complexity adaptation in H.264/AVC video coder for static cameras.
Sampling Theorems for Signals From the Union of Finite-Dimensional Linear Subspaces.
A perspective on PSE in pharmaceutical process development and innovation.
Past-future Mutual Information Estimation in Sparse Information Conditions.
Registering Cortical Surfaces Based on Whole-Brain Structural Connectivity and Continuous Connectivity Analysis.
Hyper-heuristics Reversed - Learning to Combine Solvers by Evolving Instances.
A flow-based performance analysis of TCP and TCP applications.
Student Perceptions of E-Learning Service Quality, E-Satisfaction, and E-Loyalty.
On the Effectiveness of Measurement Reuse for Performance-Based Detouring.
On the steganographic image based approach to PDF files protection.
Bias in Data-driven AI Systems - An Introductory Survey.
A Cloud-Based Architecture for Interactive E-Training.
A comparison of pediatric and adult CT organ dose estimation methods.
Reverse image search for scientific data within and beyond the visible spectrum.
Neanderthal and Denisovan ancestry in Papuans - A functional study.
Practical Image-Enhanced LBS for AR Applications.
Emerging motor behaviors - Learning joint coordination in articulated mobile robots.
Worker-Community - Using Crowdsourcing to Link Informal Workers with Potential Clients.
Flexible maintenance within a continuous-time state-task network framework.
QVision, a Development Framework for Real-time Computer Vision and Image Processing Research.
Computational Interface to Automate Cognitive Memory Tests and Synchronize with Measured EEG Signals.
An empirical analysis of information search and information sharing in crowdsourcing data analytic contests.
Increasing the use of e-consultation in primary care - Results of an online survey among non-users of e-consultation.
Micromachined Resonators - A Review.
Factors Affecting Perceived Effectiveness of Local E-Government in Egypt.
Guest Editorial - Advances in people tracking.
A Parallel Variant of the Gram-Schmidt Process with Reorthogonalization.
Application of the Integrated Safety Assessment methodology to safety margins. Dynamic Event Trees, Damage Domains and Risk Assessment.
Subspace Mapping of Noisy Text Documents.
Conceptualizing a model for adoption of cloud computing in education.
Control Contraction Metrics - Convex and Intrinsic Criteria for Nonlinear Feedback Design.
Faults Diagnosis in Industrial Processes with a Hybrid Diagnostic System.
Space-time tradeoff in regular expression matching with semi-deterministic finite automata.
Performance Characterisitics of the 3D OSEM Algorithm in the Reconstruction of Small Animal PET Images.
Performance enhancement using multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) electronic relay in massive MIMO cellular networks.
Analyzing Component-Based Systems on the Basis of Architectural Constraints.
A New Multi-modal Dataset for Human Affect Analysis.
American sign language recognition with the kinect.
Putting the Value in VR - How to Systematically and Iteratively Develop a Value-Based VR Application with a Complex Target Group.
Modelling a counter-diffusive reactor for methane combustion.
A Framework for Human-like Behavior in an immersive virtual world.
Development of a 16-channel matrix of photodetection sensors for medical imaging and astrophysical applications.
An evaluation of a 3D multimodal marker-less motion analysis system.
Exploring the E-science Knowledge Base through Co-citation Analysis.
Designs of optimal switching feedback decentralized control policies for fluid queueing networks.
Efficient Social Network Multilingual Classification using Character, POS n-grams and Dynamic Normalization.
On a linear input-output approach for the control of nonlinear flat systems.
A Novel Hybrid Key Management Scheme for Establishing Secure Communication in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Technology life cycle and data quality - Action and triangulation.
Detecting and classifying patterns of requirements clarifications.
Expert system to interpret hand tremor and provide joystick position signals for powered wheelchairs with ultrasonic sensor systems.
LEDDB - LOFAR Epoch of Reionization Diagnostic Database
Towards understanding requirements engineering in IT ecosystems.
 retrospective reports.
Speech Recognition Native Module Environment Inherent in Mobiles Devices.
Primal-Dual Methods for Solving Infinite-Dimensional Games.
Bimodal decompression sickness onset times are not related to dive type or event severity.
Using Wavelet Analysis To Assist in Identification of Significant Events in Molecular Dynamics Simulations.
Region-based shape control for a swarm of robots.
Sensory representation spaces in neuroscience and computation.
Differentiable Exact Penalty Functions for Nonlinear Second-Order Cone Programs.
A Reference Landform Ontology for Automated Delineation of Depression Landforms from DEMs.
Guest Editorial Advances in Military Networking and Communications.
Application-Aware Game Theoretic Pricing Algorithm for Cellular Machine-to-Machine Communications.
When IPs Fly - A Case for Redefining Airline Communication.
Evaporation-based disaggregation of surface soil moisture data - The dispatch method, the CATDS product and on-going research.
Teamwork attitude, interest, and self-efficacy - Their implications for teaching teamwork skills to engineering students.
An Efficient Transceiver Scheme for SC-FDMA Systems Based on Discrete Wavelet Transform and Discrete Cosine Transform.
Multivariable DG Impedance Modeling and Reshaping for Impedance Stabilization of Active Distribution Networks.
Resilience Enhancement of Microgrids With Inverter-Interfaced DGs by Enabling Faulty Phase Selection.
Computational modeling of cortical pathways involved in action execution and action observation.
On the feasibility of using a bispectral measure as a nonintrusive predictor of speech intelligibility.
Optimal Tensor Methods in Smooth Convex and Uniformly ConvexOptimization.
Auction and Negotiation Mechanisms for Multi-Attribute E-Procurement Transactions.
Near Optimal Methods for Minimizing Convex Functions with Lipschitz $p$-th Derivatives.
A real distinct poles Exponential Time Differencing scheme for reaction-diffusion systems.
Semantic Analysis of Field Sports Video using a Petri-Net of Audio-Visual Concepts.
Autonomous flight of a 20-gram Flapping Wing MAV with a 4-gram onboard stereo vision system.
High-order mimetic finite-difference operators satisfying the extended Gauss divergence theorem.
Geometry simplification of open-cell porous materials for elastic deformation FEA.
e-Commerce in Africa - The Case of Nigeria.
Integration and Innovation Orient to E-Society, Volume 1, Seventh IFIP International Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society (I3E2007), October 10-12, Wuhan, China
Integration and Innovation Orient to E-Society, Volume 2, Seventh IFIP International Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society (I3E2007), October 10-12, Wuhan, China
The electronic textile interface workshop - Facilitating interdisciplinary collaboration.
On the use of many-core machines for the acceleration of a mesh truncation technique for FEM.
Modelling Human Movements With Turing Learning.
The challenge of continuous user participation in eBayanihan - Digitizing humanitarian action in a nationwide web mobile participatory disaster management system.
Efficient Transient Analysis of Markovian Models Using a Block Reduction Approach.
A Mobility Restriction Authoring Tool Approach based on a Domain Specific Modeling Language and Model Transformation.
Integrating health indices towards the development of a Typhoid disease model using STEM.
Privacy and Cybersecurity - The Next 100 Years.
Linear differential and difference systems - EGδ- and EGσ- eliminations.
Touchscreen games to detect cognitive impairment in senior adults. A user-interaction pilot study.
Digital Transformation for a Sustainable Society in the 21st Century - 18th IFIP WG 6.11 Conference on e-Business, e-Services, and e-Society, I3E 2019, Trondheim, Norway, September 18-20, 2019, Proceedings
RED - the analysis, management and dissemination of expressed sequence tags.
Preface.
Multiway spectral community detection in networks.
Extraction of geographic entities from biological textual sources.
Peak-to-Average Power Ratio Reduction Using Adaptive Subcarrier Phase Adjustment Algorithm for OFDM-Based Cognitive Radio.
Determining histology-MRI slice correspondences for defining MRI-based disease signatures of prostate cancer.
Load Balancing in Distributed Systems with Multiple Classes and Site Constraints.
Collaborative scientific conceptual change in simulation-supported learning environment.
Effects of display size and navigation type on a classification task.
Local Histogram Matching for Efficient Optical Flow Computation Applied to Velocity Estimation on Pocket Drones.
Africa - cyber-security and its mutual impacts with computerisation, miniaturisation and location-based authentication.
Efficient Optical flow and Stereo Vision for Velocity Estimation and Obstacle Avoidance on an Autonomous Pocket Drone.
Automated detection of fovea in fundus images based on vessel-free zone and adaptive Gaussian template.
Anderson acceleration method of finding steady-state particle size distribution for a wide class of aggregation-fragmentation models.
S. Barry Cooper (1943-2015).
Constrained Overcomplete Analysis Operator Learning for Cosparse Signal Modelling
Curricular Foundations for Cybersecurity.
Revisiting Whether Everyone Should Go to College.
Baseline E-UTRA Downlink Spectral Efficiency Evaluation.
A New (?) Educational View of Computing.
 analysis of marine ecosystems.
Pointed computations and Martin-Löf randomness.
The Confidence Information Ontology - a step towards a standard for asserting confidence in annotations.
Web-Service Medical Messenger - Intelligent Algorithm of Remote Counseling.
Using targeted Bayesian network learning for suspect identification in communication networks.
Using Simulink Design Verifier for Proving Behavioral Properties on a Complex Safety Critical System in the Ground Transportation Domain.
Quickest Detection of Parameter Changes in Stochastic Regression - Nonparametric CUSUM.
Satellite measurements of the Angstrom exponent using an innovative mathematical method to identify seasonal aerosols.
Inversion of k-tridiagonal matrices with Toeplitz structure.
MinePath - Mining for Phenotype Differential Sub-paths in Molecular Pathways.
A database for automatic classification of forest species.
Classification algorithm for embedded systems using high-resolution multispectral data.
A model for optimal fleet composition of vessels for offshore wind farm maintenance.
A 2.4-GHz 20-40-MHz Channel WLAN Digital Outphasing Transmitter Utilizing a Delay-Based Wideband Phase Modulator in 32-nm CMOS.
Towards a Performance Evaluation Model for Database Designs.
Exploring an Information Framework for Consistency Maintenance in Distributed Interactive Applications.
Architectural support for socio-technical systems.
Clasas - A Key-Store for the Cloud.
e-Participation Provision and Demand Analysis for Greek Municipalities.
s Comprehensive Standards Set and Its International Collaboration for Enabling Semantically Interoperable eHealth and pHealth Solutions.
Fully automated determination of arch angle on weight-bearing foot radiograph.
Cell death induction in p53-Mdm2 network regulated by p300 and HDAC1 using pinning control.
The search for natural definability in the Turing degrees.
Good Enough Yet? A Preliminary Evaluation of Human-Surrogate Interaction.
Discovery-led refinement in e-discovery investigations - sensemaking, cognitive ergonomics and system design.
E-commerce web site loyalty - A cross cultural comparison.
On the Use of Binary Features in a Rule-Based Approach for Defect Detection on Patterned Textiles.
Application of machine learning techniques to tuberculosis drug resistance analysis.
 motivations for lifelogging with wearable cameras.
Discovering Patterns in Social Networks with Graph Matching Algorithms.
Variable-Size Batched Gauss-Huard for Block-Jacobi Preconditioning.
High-accuracy registration of intraoperative CT imaging.
Facilitating Heart Transplant Candidate Evaluation throughout Ohio.
A modular multi-level DC-DC converter for HVDC grids.
Manifesto of edge ICT fabric.
Accelerated V2X provisioning with Extensible Processor Platform.
The Quantified Community at Red Hook - Urban Sensing and Citizen Science in Low-Income Neighborhoods.
A New Lookup Model for Multiple Flow Tables of Open Flow with Implementation and Optimization Considerations.
The Impact of Access Points Placement on Indoor Positioning Systems - A Probability-Based Approach.
Spatial data and processes integration in local governance of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Parameter Control in Evolutionary Algorithms - Trends and Challenges.
Development of a technology independent library.
Physics in motion - an interdisciplinary project.
Array Size Computation under Uniform Overlapping and Irregular Accesses.
5GTraDis - A novel traffic distribution mechanism for 5G Heterogeneous Networks.
Forbidden minor characterizations for low-rank optimal solutions to semidefinite programs over the elliptope.
A multivariable nonlinear MPC control strategy for thermal comfort and indoor-air quality.
Cultural Problems Associated with the Implementation of eHealth.
CABS-dock standalone - a toolbox for flexible protein-peptide docking.
The Parallel EM Algorithm and its Applications in Computer Vision.
On the control of lossy networks with hold strategy.
HistoStitcher© - An interactive program for accurate and rapid reconstruction of digitized whole histological sections from tissue fragments.
Nektar++ - An open-source spectral/hp element framework.
Analysis of transportation networks subject to natural hazards - Insights from a Colombian case.
Spatial Filtering Based on Differential Spectrum for Improving ML DOA Estimation Performance.
An overview of robust compressive sensing of sparse signals in impulsive noise.
Biophysical Properties of Cultivated Pastures in the Brazilian Savanna Biome - An Analysis in the Spatial-Temporal Domains Based on Ground and Satellite Data.
Research-Based Approach to Undergraduate Chemical Engineering Education.
Global software development - building a research community.
Linear embeddings of low-dimensional subsets of a Hilbert space to Rm.
Reusing web contents - a DOM approach.
Combining diversity measures for ensemble pruning.
A Case-Based Reasoning Framework for Clinical Decision Making.
s Theory of Developmental Pattern Formation.
Dynamic phenomena in forced bioethanol reactors.
Variety Wins - Soccer-Playing Robots and Infant Walking.
Enhancing Document Images Acquired Using Portable Digital Cameras.
Math-Heuristic for a Territory Design Problem.
Generalized communities in networks.
Structure and inference in annotated networks.
canSAR - updated cancer research and drug discovery knowledgebase.
Investigating the Misalignment in the Existing E-Legislation of South Africa.
Computer-assisted targeted therapy (CATT) for prostate radiotherapy planning by fusion of CT and MRI.
On the locality of neural meta-representations.
Inter-organizational collaboration and performance of state e-government portals in Mexico - a progress report.
Between session reproducibility and between subject variability of diffusion MR and tractography measures.
A new grouping genetic algorithm for clustering problems.
Representing flexible endoscope shapes with hermite splines.
 Feature Sets.
Incorporating Statistical Features in Convolutional Neural Networks for Question Answering with Financial Data.
Towards Recommendation Using Interest-Based Communities in Attributed Social Networks.
Periodic solutions around the collinear equilibrium points in the perturbed restricted three-body problem with triaxial and radiating primaries for binary HD 191408, Kruger 60 and HD 155876 systems.
Seismic detection using support vector machines.
Learning features for offline handwritten signature verification using deep convolutional neural networks.
A Generative Model for Concurrent Image Retrieval and ROI Segmentation.
Automatic Selection of Optimal Parameters Based on Simple Soft-Computing Methods - A Case Study of Micromilling Processes.
Metrics to Evaluate the Use of Object Oriented Frameworks.
 attitudes and performance regarding engineering with computer-based social models.
Public support for facial recognition via police body-worn cameras - Findings from a list experiment.
 for promoter structure analysis.
2D sub-optimum filters for sharpening interpolated satellite images by optimizing the structural similarity index measure.
Does citizen coproduction lead to better urban services in smart cities projects? An empirical study on e-participation in a mobile big data platform.
Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks.
Efficient image-based analysis of fruit surfaces using CCD cameras and smartphones.
RESAR - Reliable Storage at Exabyte Scale.
Hate Speech Detection Using Attention-based LSTM.
Inferring Growth Control Mechanisms in Growing Multi-cellular Spheroids of NSCLC Cells from Spatial-Temporal Image Data.
A Coupled Bi-Virus Spread Model in Networked Systems.
Discrete-Time Spread Processes - Analysis, Identification, and Validation.
A 64-Gb/s 1.4-pJ/b NRZ Optical Receiver Data-Path in 14-nm CMOS FinFET.
Image transmission over mobile Bluetooth networks with enhanced data rate packets and chaotic interleaving.
Some observations on individual TCP flows behavior in network traffic traces.
Strategies for Network Resilience - Capitalising on Policies.
ScratchVR - low-cost, calibration-free sensing for tactile input on mobile virtual reality enclosures.
Assessment of Oral Communication in Senior Engineering Students.
Recommendation Framework for on-Demand Smart Product Customization.
Wristwash - towards automatic handwashing assessment using a wrist-worn device.
Sacred imagery in techno-spiritual design.
A fuzzy binary neural network for interpretable classifications.
Binary neural network based 3D facial feature localization.
Passive haptic learning for vibrotactile skin reading.
Coordinated regulation of acid resistance in Escherichia coli.
Stable Detection of Movement Intent From Peripheral Nerves - Chronic Study in Dogs.
Fast block diagonalization of k-tridiagonal matrices.
Towards an Automatic Estimation of Skeletal Age Using k-NN Regression with a Reduced Set of Tinny Aligned Regions of Interest.
A framework for user-centric model for evaluating the performance of distributed software system architecture.
Port Protocols for Deadlock-Freedom of Component Systems
s Method for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation in Two Dimensions.
Social media as E-participation - Can a multiple hierarchy stratification perspective predict public interest?
Performance Analysis of Load-Aware Anycasting Based on OpenFlow.
Why Public Registration Boards are Required in E-Voting Systems Based on Threshold Blind Signature Protocols.
The eukaryotic linear motif resource ELM - 10 years and counting.
FPCluster - Uma estratégia eficiente de agrupamento out-of-core sem medida de similaridade.
On-Line, On-Board Evolution of Robot Controllers.
Low-cost addition-subtraction sequences for the final exponentiation in pairings.
A basis for compositionally ensuring safety properties and its connection to relational algebraic operators.
Compressive computed tomography image reconstruction with denoising message passing algorithms.
Knickpoint finder - A software tool that improves neotectonic analysis.
Pattern-sensitive neurons reveal encoding of complex auditory regularities in the rat inferior colliculus.
Highly Assured Safety and Security of e-Health Applications.
Trade-off studies in blackbox optimization.
Quantum image rotation by an arbitrary angle.
An OpenFlow-Based Dynamic Path Adjustment Algorithm for Multicast Spanning Trees.
Automatically generating and adapting model constraints to support co-evolution of design models.
Performance improvement for source mobility in named data networking based on global-local FIB updates.
A novel cost-effective architecture and deployment strategy for integrated RFID and WSN systems.
iLift - A health behavior change support system for lifting and transfer techniques to prevent lower-back injuries in healthcare.
Cyberconnecting - the three lenses of diversity, by Priya E. Abraham, Gower, 2015.
Best Practices in the Management of IT Outsourcing in the Public Sector.
Justice of the Marquesa - A Twitter Trend Analysis Using Text Mining and Word Clouds.
High Performance IP Lookup on FPGA with Combined Length-Infix Pipelined Search.
Virtual network mapping considering energy consumption and availability.
The invariants of the binary decimic.
Voice recognition framework for open rich-client mobile applications.
The invariants of the binary nonic.
Knowledge Management and e-Business.
Solving the heterogeneous vehicle routing problem with time windows and multiple products via a bacterial meta-heuristic.
Classification of Microcalcification Clusters in Digital Mammograms Using a Stack Generalization Based Classifier.
Silicon nitride etch characteristics in SF6/O2 and C3F6O/O2 plasmas and evaluation of their global warming effects.
Real-Time Image-Based B-Mode Ultrasound Image Simulation of Needles Using Tensor-Product Interpolation.
An optimized algorithm for detecting and annotating regional differential methylation.
Method for the Development of Data Visualizations for Community Members with Varying Levels of Health Literacy.
Optimal tradeoff between exposed and hidden nodes in large wireless networks.
Modeling and correction of multipath interference in time of flight cameras.
Data Collection Capabilities of a New Non-Invasive Monitoring System for Patients with Advanced Multiple Sclerosis.
The Danger of Missing Instructions - A Systematic Analysis of Security Requirements for MCPS.
 Needs.
Expert Systems for Configuration at Digital - XCON and Beyond.
Optimized Energy Aware 5G Network Function Virtualization.
Exploring the effect of e-WOM participation on e-Loyalty in e-commerce.
Atmospheric Media Calibration for the Deep Space Network.
Exploratory analysis of an on-line evolutionary algorithm in simulated robots.
Playa - High-performance programmable linear algebra.
Evidence of relationship between mechanical stress and leakage current in AlGaN/GaN transistor after storage test.
Optimizing consistency by maximizing bandwidth usage in distributed interactive applications.
Explaining Performance Expectancy of IoT in Chilean SMEs.
Analysis and Design of the Dynamical Stability of Collective Behavior in Crowds.
Boosting paraphrase detection through textual similarity metrics with abductive networks.
Rational solutions of linear difference equations - Universal denominators and denominator bounds.
Epfast - a model for simulating uncontrolled islanding in large power systems.
Editorial - Special issue on health behavior change support systems.
Health Behavior Change Support Systems as a research discipline; A viewpoint.
Highly reliable two-dimensional RAID arrays for archival storage.
Koinonia - verifiable e-voting with long-term privacy.
Bringing Knowledge to Users in One Click - Infobuttons in the Problem List of an EHR.
E-Course Ontology for Developing E-Learning Courses.
Optimization of E-Service Solutions with the Systems of Servers Library.
Perceived Innovativeness, Perceived Convenience and TAM - Effects on Mobile Knowledge Management.
Ensembl Genomes 2018 - an integrated omics infrastructure for non-vertebrate species.
A Multi-objective GRASP Algorithm for Joint Optimization of Energy Consumption and Schedule Length of Precedence-Constrained Applications.
Complexity of Understanding Consumer Behavior from the Marketing Perspective.
EVT-based worst case delay estimation under process variation.
Inter-organizational collaboration and performance of state e-government portals in Mexico - understanding the role of politics in the enactment process.
An optimal fuzzy control system in a network environment based on simulated annealing. An application to a drilling process.
Missing the wave? Scattershot funding has its costs.
Expectation Maximization driven Geodesic Active Contour with Overlap Resolution (EMaGACOR) - Application to Lymphocyte Segmentation on Breast Cancer Histopathology.
Estimating the distribution of random parameters in a diffusion equation forward model for a transdermal alcohol biosensor.
iSDS - a self-configurable software-defined storage system for enterprise.
EvoSphere - The World of Robot Evolution.
An Investigation of the Presentational Impacts of User-Generated Picture and Text on Consumer Information Processing and Attitude Outcomes in the e-WOM Context.
Guided self-help via internet for panic disorder - Dissemination across countries.
Human Perception of Swarm Robot Motion.
Length Sensing and Control in the Virgo Gravitational Wave Interferometer.
Design of the Access Network Segment of Future Mobile Communications Systems.
 Schunck method for the estimation of optical flow fields.
Automatic Localization of the da Vinci Surgical Instrument Tips in 3-D Transrectal Ultrasound.
Characteristics of Minimal Effective Programming Systems.
End-to-end Personalization of Digital Health Interventions using Raw Sensor Data with Deep Reinforcement Learning.
Knowledge-based platform for eGovernment agents - A Web-based solution using semantic technologies.
Assessing Honey Bee Equilibrium Range and Forage Supply using Satelite-Derived Phenology.
Using Confirmatory Factor Analysis (CFA) as a Tool to Improve the Assessment of Digital Government - The Case of the Mexican State Portals Ranking.
Towards a Multi-label Classification of Open Educational Resources.
Evaluation of radar vegetation indices for vegetation water content estimation using data from a ground-based SMAP simulator.
The Utility Argument - Making a Case for Broadband SLAs.
CluStream-GT - Online Clustering for Personalization in the Health Domain.
Enabling Automated Dynamic Demand Response - From Theory to Practice.
CopyCat - An American Sign Language game for deaf children.
Using Digital Puppetry to Prepare Physicians to Address Non-suicidal Self-injury Among Teens.
Efficient transmission in the millimeter waves 28 GHz Outdoor Channel Using Spatial Multiple Access (SMA).
Website redesign and testing with a usability consultant - lessons learned.
Curtailment Estimation Methods for Demand Response - Lessons Learned by Comparing Apples to Oranges.
Multi-label classification and extracting predicted class hierarchies.
Requirements Engineering and Downstream Software Development - Findings from a Case Study.
In Vitro Comparative Study Between Conventional and Computer-Assisted Surgery Methods for Planning and Resection of Bone Sarcomas.
Improved deduplication through parallel Binning.
Two-Sided Reduction to Compact Band Forms with Look-Ahead.
Writer verification using texture-based features.
Perfilado de autor multilingüe en redes sociales a partir de n-gramas de caracteres y de etiquetas gramaticales.
A simple floating memristor emulator circuit based on current conveyors.
Transfer learning between texture classification tasks using Convolutional Neural Networks.
Automated Mammographic Risk Classification Based on Breast Density Estimation.
Revealing temporal genetic regulatory networks from steady-state distributions.
Probabilistic Safety Analysis using Traffic Microscopic Simulation.
The Mimetic Methods Toolkit - An object-oriented API for Mimetic Finite Differences.
Modeling Social Resilience in Communities.
General Type-2 Fuzzy Sugeno Integral for Edge Detection.
Global landscape of HIV-human protein complexes.
.
Correlation sketching for ordered data.
An integrated decision framework for evaluating and selecting e-learning products.
A comparative study of differential evolution algorithms for parameter fitting procedures.
An Open-Standards Grammar for Outline-Style Radiology Report Templates.
Macroscopic Spatial Complexity of the Game of Life Cellular Automaton - A Simple Data Analysis.
Semantic middleware for e-science knowledge spaces.
Comparative study of classical and fuzzy -regulator in five phase synchronous machine control with open phase.
Web-oriented business intelligence solution based on Associative Query Logic.
Improving the performance of vector hyper-heuristics through local search.
Dictionary learning for fast classification based on soft-thresholding.
Caracterização do Comportamento dos Usuários da Rede Social Facebook Utilizando Métricas de Redes Complexas e Algoritmos de Clusterização.
Ring-LWE Cryptography for the Number Theorist.
Robopedia - Leveraging Sensorpedia for web-enabled robot control.
Provably weak instances of Ring-LWE.
Experimental system design for the integration of trapped-ion and superconducting qubit systems.
Combine and conquer - an evolutionary hyper-heuristic approach for solving constraint satisfaction problems.
Searching for reputable source code on the web.
iPTMnet - an integrated resource for protein post-translational modification network discovery.
A Preliminary Performance Measurement Study of Residential Broadband Services in Brazil.
An Active Harmonic Filter Based on One-Cycle Control.
 Maturity Model - A Case Study.
Multiscale Method for Hazard Map Construction.
Functional Connectivity Analysis of Cerebellum Using Spatially Constrained Spectral Clustering.
Cost function to analyze the passband and the stopband of Digital Biquadratic Filters.
Superfast solution of linear convolutional Volterra equations using QTT approximation.
Memcapacitor response under step and sinusoidal voltage excitations.
Integrating Energy Storage in Electricity Distribution Networks.
mRNAStab - a web application for mRNA stability analysis.
Automatic content recognition of teaching boards in the Tableau platform.
Automatic Detection of Glaucoma Using Disc Optic Segmentation and Feature Extraction.
 communities in temporal and labeled graphs Com2.
A service oriented architecture to provide data mining services for non-expert data miners.
A Voting-Based Agent System for Course Selection in E-Learning.
A framework for application of neuro-case-rule base hybridization in medical diagnosis.
Furthering fingerprint-based authentication - Introducing the true-neighbor template.
Consensus-Based Cooperative Control Based on Pollution Sensing and Traffic Information for Urban Traffic Networks.
Temporal evaluation of evapotranspiration for sugar cane, planted forest and native forest using landsat 8 images and a two-source energy balance.
CHIPIX65 - Developments on a new generation pixel readout ASIC in CMOS 65 nm for HEP experiments.
Educational Data Mining - A review of evaluation process in the e-learning.
A modular numerical method for implicit 0D/3D coupling in cardiovascular finite element simulations.
Linking Advanced Visualization and MATLAB for the Analysis of 3D Gene Expression Data.
On the Need of Safe Software Product Line Architectures.
Towards Safe Model Transformation for Constraint-driven Modeling.
Behavior of the Size in the Unit Root Testing Under Contamination.
Comparing order picking assisted by head-up display versus pick-by-light with explicit pick confirmation.
Community detection in networks with unequal groups.
s Fate - A Self-organising Evolutionary Algorithm.
Swimming with Fishes and Sharks - Beneath the Surface of Queue-Based Ethereum Mining Pools.
Multi-scale texture recognition systems with reduced cost - A case study on forest species.
Aerosol distictions over Jalisco using satellite information and global model (GOCART) - Prospective study.
Challenging heuristics - evolving binary constraint satisfaction problems.
A methodology for speeding up matrix vector multiplication for single/multi-core architectures.
Large scale distributed neural network training through online distillation.
Solving coalitional resource games.
The wave equation approach for solving inverse eigenvalue problems of a multi-connected region in R3 with Robin conditions.
High PSRR Nano-Watt MOS-Only Threshold Voltage Monitor Circuit.
An expansion theorem for regular elliptic eigenvalue problem with eigenvalue parameter in the boundary conditions.
Automatic Video Editing for Video-Based Interactive Storytelling.
An inverse eigenvalue problem of the wave equation for a multi-connected region in R2 together with three different types of boundary conditions.
Scaled control in the QED regime.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Research in Sub-Saharan Africa - Challenges and Satellite-Based Networking Implementation.
An intelligent readout integrated circuit (iROIC) with on-chip local gradient operations.
Frequency Adaptive CDSC-PLL Using Axis Drift Control Under Adverse Grid Condition.
Optimal fleet composition and periodic routing of offshore supply vessels.
Large scale distributed neural network training through online distillation.
Precision and accuracy of regional radioactivity quantitation using the maximum likelihood EM reconstruction algorithm.
Sensitivity of automatic speaker identification to SVD digital audio watermarking.
Hybrid speech enhancement with empirical mode decomposition and spectral subtraction for efficient speaker identification.
Facial Expression Recognition Using Disentangled Adversarial Learning.
Efficient audio cryptosystem based on chaotic maps and double random phase encoding.
The Appearance Variation Cue for Obstacle Avoidance.
Compressed sensing and best approximation from unions of subspaces - Beyond dictionaries.
Time series analysis of inertial-body signals for the extraction of dynamic properties from human gait.
A fuzzy-genetic system to predict the cutting force in microdrilling processes.
Preliminary Results on a New Algorithm for Blink Correction Adaptive to Inter- and Intra-Subject Variability.
AI - A Key Enabler for Sustainable Development Goals - Part 2 [Industry Activities].
AI - A Key Enabler of Sustainable Development Goals, Part 1 [Industry Activities].
Commercial-off-the-shelf algan/gan hemt device reliability study after exposure to heavy ion radiation.
Evolving Pop Art Using Scalable Vector Graphics.
Development of System Architecture for E-Government Cloud Platforms.
An Integrated E-Recruitment System for Automated Personality Mining and Applicant Ranking.
Ontology-Assisted Analysis of Web Queries to Determine the Knowledge Radiologists Seek.
A comparative study of the single crystal X-ray determination and molecular modelling of the binding of oligomycin to ATP Synthase.
Performance evaluation of enhanced error correction algorithms for efficient wireless 3D video communication systems.
Matched chaotic maps watermarking and authentication.
Lower bounds on the redundancy in computations from random oracles via betting strategies with restricted wagers.
Acquiring periodic tilings of regular polygons from images.
Maintaining Population Diversity in Evolutionary Art.
Efficient hybrid watermarking schemes for robust and secure 3D-MVC communication.
Early Decoding of Tongue-Hand Movement from EEG Recordings Using Dynamic Functional Connectivity Graphs.
Component redundancy allocation in optimal cost preventive maintenance scheduling.
Sensitivity Analysis of a Class of Iris Localization Algorithms to Blurring Effect.
 [Book Review].
Open Access - redrawing the landscape of scholarly communication.
Influence of estradiol on functional brain organization for working memory.
Modification of Near Sets Theory.
The changing landscape of functional brain networks for face processing in typical development.
High-performance FPGA implementations of the cryptographic hash function JH.
Performance of OpenDPI in Identifying Sampled Network Traffic.
Double Transfer Learning for Breast Cancer Histopathologic Image Classification.
Infusing Social Networks With Culture.
Adaptive Control Strategy for Constant Optical Flow Divergence Landing.
Fuzzy Model Based Bilateral Control Design of Nonlinear Tele-Operation System Using Method of State Convergence.
Improving scalability of ART neural networks.
Effect of correlations on network controllability
Joint low-complexity equalization and carrier frequency offset compensation for underwater acoustic OFDM communication systems with banded-matrix approximation at different channel conditions.
3D Estimation and Visualization of Motion in a Multicamera Network for Sports.
Hierarchical Test Sequencing for Complex Systems.
Integration and Test Sequencing for Complex Systems.
Cancelable multi-biometric security system based on double random phase encoding and cepstral analysis.
Evolutionary Programming VII, 7th International Conference, EP98, San Diego, CA, USA, March 25-27, 1998, Proceedings
Exploring the Uptake and Application of Electronic Procurement to Central and Local Government.
Testing Diversity-Enhancing Migration Policies for Hybrid On-Line Evolution of Robot Controllers.
EvoMan - Game-playing Competition.
Design and analysis of an automated order-picking workstation.
An Overview of the United Nations High-Level Panel on Digital Cooperation [Industry Activities].
Hybrid geometry / topology based mesh segmentation for reverse engineering.
Effect of large solar power plant on locational marginal prices in Oman.
Stochastic blockmodels and community structure in networks
The hidden experts in software-engineering communication.
A Comparison Study Between Pre-Equalization Schemes for Single and Multi Carrier Modulation Systems.
Negotiating e-politics - Initiating e-government in a municipal council in Kenya.
A 3μW Low-Power CMOS Class-AB Bilateral Current Mirror for Low-Voltage Applications.
Fast Depth-integrated 3D Motion Estimation and Visualization for an Active Vision System.
Smart Sensing of Pavement Temperature Based on Low-Cost Sensors and V2I Communications.
Female online shoppers - Examining the mediating roles of e-satisfaction and e-trust on e-loyalty development.
One-Switch Conditions for Multiattribute Utility Functions.
Multi-rendezvous Spacecraft Trajectory Optimization with Beam P-ACO.
A Social Composition View of Team Creativity - The Role of Member Nationality-Heterogeneous Ties Outside of the Team.
A Part-of-Speech Tag Clustering for a Word Prediction System in Portuguese Language.
American Sign Language Phrase Verification in an Educational Game for Deaf Children.
Consciousness as a Brain Complex Reflection of the Outer World Causal Relationships.
The Nintendo Wii as a tool for neurocognitive rehabilitation, training and health promotion.
Fast Transform-based preconditioners for large-scale power grid analysis on massively parallel architectures.
Mesoscopic forecasting of vehicular consumption using neural networks.
Jitter tolerance acceleration using the golden section optimization technique.
CO2peration - Structuring a 3D interactive digital game to improve climate literacy in the 12-13-year-old age group.
An Industrial Case Study of Immediate Benefits of Requirements Engineering Process Improvement at the Australian Center for Unisys Software.
Optimal coordination of directional overcurrent relays using hybrid BBO-LP algorithm with the best extracted time-current characteristic curve.
Sub-1Ghz Low-Power Wireless Node For IoT Based Smart Home System.
Performance Comparison of Evolutionary Algorithms for University Course Timetabling Problem.
Application of standardized biomedical terminologies in radiology reporting templates.
A new realistic optimization-free economic load dispatch method based on maps gathered from sliced fuel-cost curves.
Transmission system for digital TV-signal distribution through a passive optical network in the microwave S-band.
Integrating Biocybernetic Adaptation in Virtual Reality Training Concentration and Calmness in Target Shooting.
Service Embedding in IoT Networks.
A Progressive Barrier for Derivative-Free Nonlinear Programming.
A new technique to locate faults in distribution networks based on optimal coordination of numerical directional overcurrent relays.
OrthoMADS - A Deterministic MADS Instance with Orthogonal Directions.
Improving the performance assessment of government web portals - A proposal using data envelopment analysis (DEA).
Analysis of the Accuracy of OpenFOAM Solvers for the Problem of Supersonic Flow Around a Cone.
A Hilton-Milner Theorem for Vector Spaces.
Designing a Self-Organized Approach for Scheduling Bag-of-Tasks.
Symbolic algorithm for inverting cyclic pentadiagonal matrices recursively - Derivation and implementation.
Smart multi-modal marine monitoring via visual analysis and data fusion.
A detailed investigation into low-level feature detection in spectrogram images.
Variable and Value Ordering Decision Matrix Hyper-heuristics - A Local Improvement Approach.
Server side hashing core exceeding 3 Gbps of throughput.
Integrated system fault diagnostics utilising digraph and fault tree-based approaches.
Tipping Points in Schelling Segregation.
A wearable system for detecting eating activities with proximity sensors in the outer ear.
Innovative collection development for e-books at the TU Delft Library.
The Effects of Indirect Real Body Cues of Irrelevant Parts on Virtual Body Ownership and Presence.
Binarizing complex scanned documents.
Surface-mount component attachment for e-textiles.
An efficient singular value decomposition algorithm for digital audio watermarking.
A new TCP and UDP network benchmark suite.
A time-series prediction framework using sequential learning algorithms and dimensionality reduction within a sparsification approach.
Halochromic Polystyrene Nanofibers Obtained by Solution Blow Spinning for Wine pH Sensing.
Load Modulation of BOLD Response and Connectivity Predicts Working Memory Performance in Younger and Older Adults.
Quaternion Signal Analysis Algorithm for Induction Motor Fault Detection.
Polling systems with server timeouts and their application to token passing networks.
The Phonetics of Head and Body Movement in the Realization of American Sign Language Signs.
Resource Selection with Soft Set Attribute Reduction Based on Improved Genetic Algorithm.
Improving evolvability of a patient communication control system using state-based supervisory control synthesis.
Analysis of out-of-plane Micro-Power Generators.
Blue Gene - A vision for protein science using a petaflop supercomputer.
Contrast Optimization in Clinical Contrast-Enhanced Digital Mammography Images.
A Grammatical Approach to Data-centric Case Management in a Distributed Collaborative Environment.
A Programmable Look-Up Table-Based Interpolator with Nonuniform Sampling Scheme.
Experimental Analysis of e-Employment Market Designs.
Penobscot Dataset - Fostering Machine Learning Development for Seismic Interpretation.
A new conjugate gradient algorithm for training neural networks based on a modified secant equation.
Manifold Learning with Contracting Observers for Data-driven Time-series Analysis.
Investigating aesthetic measures for unsupervised evolutionary art.
Energy-efficient core networks.
The Genuine Sieve of Eratosthenes.
Using Machine Learning and Big Data Analytics to Prioritize Outpatients in HetNets.
The Effects of Inter‐Firm Cost Correlation, IT Investment, and Product Cost Accuracy on Production Decisions and Firm Profitability.
Daytona Dreams Restaurant - Linking Accounting Systems with Business Valuation.
Fault diagnostics of dynamic system operation using a fault tree based method.
Classification of Microcalcification Clusters Based on Morphological Topology Analysis.
Global EEG segmentation using singular value decomposition.
The Value of First Impressions - The Impact of Ad-Blocking on Web QoE.
Complexity-entropy analysis at different levels of organization in written language.
Development of the Concept vs Prototyping - Implementation of a real scale Water-Energy Integrated System.
Mapping anterior temporal lobe language areas with fMRI - A multicenter normative study.
MEMPSODE - A global optimization software based on hybridization of population-based algorithms and local searches.
The power of prediction - Robots that read intentions.
Logarithmic and Power Law Input-Output Relations in Sensory Systems with Fold-Change Detection.
Consistency Checking in Early Software Product Line Specifications - The VCC Approach.
A contribution to the e-learning standardization.
Scintigraphy vs. mechanical magnetogastrography - gastric emptying analysis.
Click-on-OSv - A platform for running Click-based middleboxes.
27th IEEE International Requirements Engineering Conference, RE 2019, Jeju Island, Korea (South), September 23-27, 2019
MonoForest framework for tree ensemble analysis.
Multi-Resolution Elliptic Curve digital Signature.
Design and Analysis of Wireless Sensor Networks for Animal Tracking in Large Monitoring Polar Regions Using Phase-Type Distributions and Single Sensor Model.
Developments in computational fluid dynamics-based modeling for disinfection technologies over the last two decades - A review.
Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) Storage Change Characteristics (2003-2016) over Major Surface Basins and Principal Aquifers in the Conterminous United States.
Grammar-based Selection Hyper-heuristics for Solving Irregular Bin Packing Problems.
Flow regulation for water quality restoration in a river section - Modeling and control.
A Compositional Knowledge Level Process Model of Requirements Engineering.
Recovery of cosparse signals with Greedy Analysis Pursuit in the presence of noise.
Embodied artificial evolution - Artificial evolutionary systems in the 21st Century.
Statistical Model of Computing Experiment on Digital Color Correction.
Output Impedance Measurement in Low-Power Sources and Conditioners.
Development and Implementation of an Integrated EHR for Homecare Service - A South American Experience.
Effects of uncertain cost-surface specification on landscape connectivity measures.
Exploiting Diverse Distance Metrics for Surrogate-Based Optimisation of Ordering Problems - A Case Study.
Partial band jamming of multicarrier frequency hopping/binary phase shift keying receiver over a rayleigh fading channel with imperfect channel estimation.
Coherence and cohesion issues in argumentation documents written by engineering students.
Hybrid-power IP over WDM network.
An approach for improve the recognition of defects in coffee beans using retinex algorithms.
s disease prediction from genomic data.
Clustering E-Mails for the Swedish Social Insurance Agency - What Part of the E-Mail Thread Gives the Best Quality?
Mammographic Segmentation and Risk Classification Using a Novel Binary Model Based Bayes Classifier.
Automatic classification of physical defects in green coffee beans using CGLCM and SVM.
Evaluating Competence Measures for Dynamic Regressor Selection.
d-q-DC reference frame control strategy for single-phase current source cascaded inverters.
The Role of Social Media Sites on Social Movements against Policy Changes.
Mobile phone appropriation in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Nature Inspired Instance Selection Techniques for Support Vector Machine Speed Optimization.
An Algorithm to Sample an Anatomy With Uncertainty.
Model-driven software synthesis for hard real-time applications with energy constraints.
A pricing scheme for porter based delivery in integrated RFID-Sensor Networks.
Detection of Viruses Via Statistical Gene Expression Analysis.
Compressive Independent Component Analysis.
Head-body partitioned string matching for Deep Packet Inspection with scalable and attack-resilient performance.
Reflectance-Based Vegetation Index Assessment of Four Plant Species Exposed to Lithium Chloride.
New Adaptive Feature Vector Construction Procedure for Speaker Emotion Recognition Based on Wavelet Transform and Genetic Algorithm.
Image-based vehicle indexing for a seaport transportation surveillance system.
Robust Homography Estimation from Planar Contours Based on Convexity.
Material nonlinearity limits on a Lamé-mode single crystal bulk resonator.
Electro-Optic E-field Sensor Using an Optical Modulator.
A process algebra based simulation model of a miniload-workstation order picking system.
An application to support the temporal and spatial distributed decision-making process in supply chain collaborative planning.
Conserved Core Substructures in the Overlay of Protein-Ligand Complexes.
Impact of E-Learning Strategies to Design E-Portfolio on Achievement Motivation and Product Quality.
Selective Inversion of Inductance Matrix for Large-Scale Sparse RLC Simulation.
Content Recognition and Indexing in the LiveMemory Platform.
Estimating and quantifying the impact of using models for integration and testing.
Solving Poisson equation with Robin boundary condition on a curvilinear mesh using high order mimetic discretization methods.
Accurate numerical approximations to initial value problems with periodical solutions.
The interaction of the wrap-up effect and uncertainty factors in speech processing.
Consistent Adjacency-Spectral Partitioning for the Stochastic Block Model When the Model Parameters Are Unknown.
An e-Participation support system for regional communities based on linked open data, classification and clustering.
Uso de Internet móvil en Chile - Explorando las diferencias de los usuarios Android.
Fitting a multiple regression line to travel demand forecasting - The case of the prefecture of Xanthi, Northern Greece.
A partial augmented reality system with live ultrasound and registered preoperative MRI for guiding robot-assisted radical prostatectomy.
Defining positioning in a core ontology for robotics.
Spatial and Temporal-Controlled Tissue Heating on a Modified Clinical Ultrasound Scanner for Generating Mild Hyperthermia in Tumors.
Genetic algorithm attack on minutiae-based fingerprint authentication and protected template fingerprint systems.
1st International Workshop on Software Engineering for Smart Cyber-Physical Systems (SEsCPS 2015).
Distributed and Decentralized Voltage Control of Smart Distribution Networks - Models, Methods, and Future Research.
Performance Analysis of Approximate Message Passing for Distributed Compressed Sensing.
Demand Analysis by Modeling Choice of Internet Access and IP Telephony.
Information Brokers in Requirement-Dependency Social Networks.
Priority-Based Multi-event Reporting in Hybrid Wireless Sensor Networks.
Geometry of Deep Learning for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting.
Performance Analysis of a Non-preemptive Hybrid WSN Protocol in Mobile Environments.
Control of an aerial robot with multi-link arm for assembly tasks.
Characteristics of Multiple Viewpoints in Abstract Argumentation.
SWOT Analysis of the Services Provided by e-government Sites in Brazil.
Design, fabrication, and characterization of an electrochemically-based dose tracking system for closed-loop drug delivery.
Hybrid HVDC connection of large offshore wind farms to the AC grid.
Multi-stream Regular Expression Matching on FPGA.
Dynamic Tube MPC for Nonlinear Systems.
A Research of E-Government Website Performance and its Relations with Economic Development.
The ParaView Coprocessing Library - A scalable, general purpose in situ visualization library.
A Modular Workflow Architecture for Coronary Centerline Extraction in Computed Tomography Angiography Data.
2nd International Workshop on Context for Software Development (CSD 2015).
Where is my Phone? - Personal Object Retrieval from Egocentric Images.
Multivariable Grid Admittance Identification for Impedance Stabilization of Active Distribution Networks.
Modeling programmer navigation - A head-to-head empirical evaluation of predictive models.
CymeR - cytometry analysis using KNIME, docker and R.
Computerization of a Preanesthetic Evaluation and User satisfaction evaluation.
Artificial Neural Networks for Traffic Prediction in 4G Networks.
A Realistic Two-Lanes Traffic Simulation Model Based on Cellular Automata.
Sensing-Constrained Power Control in Digital Health.
Towards SLA Policy Refinement for QoS Management in Software-Defined Networking.
Making in Minecraft - A Means of Self-Expression for Youth with Autism.
Leak Detection in Water Distribution Networks with Optimal Linear Regression Models.
DCU Linking Runs at MediaEval 2014 - Search and Hyperlinking Task.
High-Throughput Virtual Screening of Proteins Using GRID Molecular Interaction Fields.
SITECON - a tool for detecting conservative conformational and physicochemical properties in transcription factor binding site alignments and for site recognition.
Architectural model for Wireless Peer-to-Peer (WP2P) file sharing for ubiquitous mobile devices.
Research directions in technology development to support real-time decisions of fresh produce logistics - A review and research agenda.
Review of the Book Advanced Electric Drive Vehicles [Book Review].
New EMS to Incorporate Smart Parking Lots Into Demand Response.
Development of iBsafe - A Collaborative, Theory-based Approach to Creating a Mobile Game Application for Child Safety.
Representation Learning vs. Handcrafted Features for Music Genre Classification.
 Benchmarking Framework - Architectural and Procedural Views.
Energy Efficient Cloud-Fog Architecture.
A fifth algebraic order trigonometrically-fitted modified runge-kutta zonneveld method for the numerical solution of orbital problems.
Learning Nonlinear Dynamics in Efficient, Balanced Spiking Networks Using Local Plasticity Rules.
Capacity estimation and auditability of network covert channels.
Truenorth ecosystem for brain-inspired computing - scalable systems, software, and applications.
The Role of Sentiment and Cultural Differences in the Communication Process of e-Negotiations.
Wine quality rapid detection using a compact electronic nose system - application focused on spoilage thresholds by acetic acid.
Using contrasting cases to relate collaborative processes and outcomes in CSCL.
SemClinBr - a multi institutional and multi specialty semantically annotated corpus for Portuguese clinical NLP tasks.
Performance considerations for positioning with signals of opportunity.
On Fairness, Optimizing Replica Selection in Data Grids.
Unsupervised automated panorama creation for realistic surveillance scenes through weighted mutual information registration.
Multimode crystal oscillator for power management unit with digitally controlled AGC loop in 0.18μm CMOS technology.
Performance of an Artificial Multi-observer Deep Neural Network for Fully Automated Segmentation of Polycystic Kidneys.
Electrical bioimpedance spectroscopy as biosensor technique to identify cells lineages and cell differentiation process.
Product variety and reliability.
Analysis of fragmented time directionality in time series to elucidate feedbacks in climate data.
Multi-parametric 3D Quantitative Ultrasound Vibro-Elastography Imaging for Detecting Palpable Prostate Tumors.
Preface.
The Resource Identification Initiative - A Cultural Shift in Publishing.
Ally patches for spoliation of adversarial patches.
Towards a SignWriting recognition system.
Building a Tourist Assistant with a Nao Aldebaran.
Effects of Sensory Information and Prior Experience on Direct Subjective Ratings of Presence.
namehelp - intelligent client-side DNS resolution.
Multi-scroll Chaotic Oscillator Employing UGCs.
t it be nice to have software labels.
Development of a Software Tool to Determine the Frequency Response of an Electro-optical System.
Principles of Employing a Self-organizing Map as a Frequent Itemset Miner.
Parametric properties of ideal semantics.
Reimagine E-learning - a proposal for a 21st learning framework.
A survey of the benefits and issues arising from the deployment of physical artefacts in computer science teaching.
A traditional-learning time predictive approach for e-learning systems in challenging environments.
Reliability challenges for storing exabytes.
A hybrid scheme for robust color image watermarking using DSWT in DCT domain.
Automata for infinite argumentation structures.
 perception.
A Note on König and Close Convexity in Minimax Theorems.
Probabilistic Concepts in Formal Contexts.
Scalable architecture for 135 GBPS IPv6 lookup on FPGA (abstract only).
Multistability in Piecewise Linear Systems versus Eigenspectra Variation and Round Function.
Constraint-Based Model of Shewanella oneidensis MR-1 Metabolism - A Tool for Data Analysis and Hypothesis Generation.
Hybrid Incremental Modeling Based on Least Squares and Fuzzy $K$-NN for Monitoring Tool Wear in Turning Processes.
Software Usability Evaluation Based on the User Pinpoint Activity Heat Map.
Novel approaches for scanning near-field optical microscopy imaging of oligodendrocytes in culture.
Beyond simple e-mail - upgrading an entire campus to enterprise e-mail and calendaring with groupwise.
Assessment of genetic variation for the LINE-1 retrotransposon from next generation sequence data.
On the exploitation of search history and accumulative sampling in robust optimisation.
A self-exciting controller for high-speed vertical running.
A Robotic System for Intra-operative Trans-Rectal Ultrasound and Ultrasound Elastography in Radical Prostatectomy.
Adding self-explanation prompts to an educational computer game.
The Methodology of Modeling the Decision-Making Process for Planning the Logistics Supply Chain.
E-Government System Security Model (eGSSM) - A Multidimensional, Risk Based Approach to E-Government.
Evaluating predictive performance of judgemental extrapolations from simulated currency series.
Triple Failure Tolerant Storage Systems Using Only Exclusive-Or Parity Calculations.
Nigeria - Cyber Space Security Vis a Vis Computerisation, Miniaturisation and Location-Based Authentication.
Assessment of SAR-retrieved soil moisture uncertainty induced by uncertainty on modeled soil surface roughness.
FreeGaming - mobile, collaborative, adaptive and augmented exergaming.
SpECTRE - A task-based discontinuous Galerkin code for relativistic astrophysics.
Energy efficient cloud content delivery in core networks.
A Multimodal Gamified Platform for Real-Time User Feedback in Sports Performance.
 Towards Better Self-management of CVD.
A Demonstration of the PATHway System for Technology-enabled Exercise-based Cardiac Rehabilitation.
Teaching students global software engineering skills using distributed scrum.
An exact algorithm for the Blocks Relocation Problem with new lower bounds.
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) applications activity.
Analysis of the Signal Transfer and Folding in N-Path Filters With a Series Inductance.
A DTN routing strategy based on neural networks for urban bus transportation system.
Recovering a hidden community beyond the Kesten-Stigum threshold in O( E log* V ) time.
Mortadelo - A Model-Driven Framework for NoSQL Database Design.
Caching in green IP over WDM networks.
A model of stimulus induced epileptic spike-wave discharges.
RESTful API for iPTMnet - An Integrated Resource for Protein Post-translational Modification Network Discovery.
Features of Estimation of the Main Key Performance Indicators of Work of Production of Technological Type. II. The Features of the Estimates of Quantitative Manufacture Indicators.
Best practices in e-assessments with a special focus on cheating prevention.
Building a corpus and developing a question classifier to support messaging-based question answering.
Enabling Anomaly-based Intrusion Detection Through Model Generalization.
Evaluation of Registration Methods on Thoracic CT - The EMPIRE10 Challenge.
Training Bioloid Robots for Playing Football.
 Ultrasound for Robot Assisted Surgery with Vessel Extraction and Registration - A Feasibility Study.
Equitable random graphs.
Modeling gonorrhea and HIV co-interaction.
A weighted fuzzy inference method.
COMT genotype affects prefrontal white matter pathways in children and adolescents.
Tissue-Volume Preserving Deformable Image Registration for 4DCT Pulmonary Images.
IEEE Frontiers in Education Conference, FIE 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, October 3-6, 2012
A New Approach to Preserving Data Confidentiality in the Cloud.
Face Detection Using Integral Projection Models.
A polynomial path-following interior point algorithm for general linear complementarity problems.
Reactive information foraging - an empirical investigation of theory-based recommender systems for programmers.
Saliency Weighted Convolutional Features for Instance Search.
The effects of Teflon injection on laryngeal dynamics.
Self-adaptative and Coevolving Memetic Algorithms.
On basis images for the digital image representation.
 for Pattern Matching in Promoter Sequences.
Pattern languages in the wild - exploring pattern languages in the laboratory and in the real world.
From expert-driven to user-oriented communication of infection control guidelines.
A computationally efficient version of the algebraic method for computer tomography.
An analytic model for the convergence of turbulent simulations time-parallelized via the parareal algorithm.
A Scalable Dissemination Service for the ISAM Architecture.
Verification of Policy-Based Self-Managed Cell Interactions Using Alloy.
Virtual Video Synthesis for Personalized Training.
Nonlinearity compensation - Is the knowledge of absolute amplitude and phase really necessary?
Extractive Text-Based Summarization of Arabic Videos - Issues, Approaches and Evaluations.
Australian Involvement in Electronic Data Interchange - 1989.
Recipes for Stable Linear Embeddings From Hilbert Spaces to ℝm.
A practical relative error criterion for augmented Lagrangians.
Evaluation of SMAP level 2 soil moisture algorithms using SMOS data.
The multi-alternative cargo routing problem - Solution by evolutionary methods.
Improving IT Service Management with Decision-Making Support Systems.
Broadening the Scope of Differential Privacy Using Metrics.
Numerical treatment of wave breaking on unstructured finite volume approximations for extended Boussinesq-type equations.
Forest structure estimation using SAR, LiDAR, and optical data in the Canadian Boreal forest.
 expectations and perceptions of a redesigned Electronic Health Record.
A mobile embedded platform for high performance neural signal computation and communication.
Enhanced HTS Hit Selection via a Local Hit Rate Analysis.
Gender Recognition by Voice using an Improved Self-Labeled Algorithm.
Impact of AQM scheme on WLANs using queue thresholds.
The Role of the XBRL Standard in Optimizing the Financial Reporting
Classification of Sporting Activities Using Smartphone Accelerometers.
SIG on the State of Accessibility at CHI.
Efficient hardware architecture for Particle Filter based object tracking.
Application of ANN and ANFIS for detection of brain tumors in MRIs by using DWT and GLCM texture analysis.
Packing unequal rectangles and squares in a fixed size circular container using formulation space search.
Towards an ontology-based approach for deriving product architectures.
Impact of Si/Al implantation on the forming voltage and pre-forming conduction modes in HfO2 based OxRAM cells.
Using NFV and Reinforcement Learning for Anomalies Detection and Mitigation in SDN.
Comparing textural features for music genre classification.
Extrapolation of LiDAR for forest structure estimation using SAR, InSAR, and optical data.
Verification and Validation in CREATE Multiphysics HPC Software Applications.
P4-InTel - Bridging the Gap between iCF Diagnosis and Functionality.
Mendler-style Iso-(Co)inductive predicates - a strongly normalizing approach
An on-line algorithm for cluster detection of mobile nodes through complex event processing.
A multiscale modeling approach to inflammation - A case study in human endotoxemia.
Energy Efficient Distributed Processing for IoT.
Proposal of a Sustainable e-Bike Sharing Infrastructure Based on the IEEE 1451 Standard.
A Model for the Construction of Country-Specific Yet Internationally Comparable Short-Form Marketing Scales.
Conformal Geometric Algebra Voting Scheme Implemented in Reconfigurable Devices for Geometric Entities Extraction.
A 40nm CMOS single-chip 50Gb/s DP-QPSK/BPSK transceiver with electronic dispersion compensation for coherent optical channels.
s disease.
An Improved spectral conjugate Gradient Neural Network Training Algorithm.
Capturing Visitor Experiences for Study and Preservation.
12th IEEE International Conference on e-Science, e-Science 2016, Baltimore, MD, USA, October 23-27, 2016
Efficient planar affine canonicalization.
An End-to-End Technique to Estimate the Transmission Rate of an IEEE 802.11 WLAN.
An analytical journey towards big data.
Robust Adaptive Margin for ACM in Satellite Links at EHF Bands.
Observationally cooperative multithreading.
Sampled-data control of hybrid systems with discrete inputs and outputs.
Enterprise Ontologies - Emerging Issues from the Internet of Things and Social Media.
Participation of an Energy Storage Aggregator in Electricity Markets.
Functional Implementation Specification for a Service-Oriented Geographic Intelligence.
Power Transmission Lines Inspection using Properly Equipped Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV).
 intentions.
Modeling of Soft Poroelastic Tissue in Time-Harmonic MR Elastography.
Energy Scheduling Strategies for Grid-connected Microgrids - A Case Study on Chalmers Campus.
Locus Reference Genomic - reference sequences for the reporting of clinically relevant sequence variants.
PDB Ligand Conformational Energies Calculated Quantum-Mechanically.
Cam Concepts.
Trading networks with price-setting agents.
A System for Aiding Discovery - Mechanisms for Knowledge Generation.
Modeling Expert Judgments of Insider Threat Using Ontology Structure - Effects of Individual Indicator Threat Value and Class Membership.
Determining the Vulnerabilities of the Power Transmission System.
Novel high throughput implementation of SHA-256 hash function through pre-computation technique.
Procedure for Identifying Odd-sized Nucleotide Sequences as Codewords of BCH Codes over GF(4).
A CMOS Low-Voltage Super Follower Using Quasi-Floating Gate Techniques.
Improved mutual information measure for classification and community detection.
Near-Optimal Microprocessor and Accelerators Codesign with Latency and Throughput Constraints.
Polite web-based intelligent tutors - Can they improve learning in classrooms?
Remote sensing atmospheric CO2 column abundance using an airborne pulsed laser sounder at 13 km altitude.
Modeling of a greenhouse using Particle Swarm Optimization.
Simple MOS Transistor-Based Realization of Fractional-Order Capacitors.
Delay differential population models for the decline of Homalodisca vitripennis (Hemiptera - Cicadellidae) densities over a ten-year period.
Complementary III-V heterostructure tunnel FETs.
Neural network PMV estimation for model-based predictive control of HVAC systems.
A new approach for improving indoor LTE coverage.
Energy savings in HVAC systems using discrete model-based predictive control.
Detection of Multi-clustered Genes and Community Structure for the Plant Pathogenic Fungus Fusarium graminearum.
An Examination of the Relationships among IT Capability Intentions, IT Infrastructure Integration and Quality of Care - A Study in U.S. Hospitals.
Shape-influenced clustering of dynamic patterns of gene profiles.
The Impact of Agile Methodologies on the Quality of Information Systems - Factors Shaping Strategic Adoption of Agile Practices.
 Methodology for AI Research Projects.
CMOS Analog Rank Order Filters using positive feedback comparators.
Mobile Intelligent Interruption Management - A New Context-Aware Fuzzy Mining Approach.
New wireless acoustic array node for localization, beamforming and source separation for bio-complexity bird data collection and study.
First-time Security Audits as a Turning Point? - Challenges for Security Practices in an Industry Software Development Team.
Leveraging Mobile Technology to Increase the Permanent Adoption of Shelter Dogs.
Optimality of Transmit Beamforming in Spatially Correlated MIMO Rician Fading Channels.
Ai Tools in Decision Making Support Systems - a Review.
Learning depth from appearance for fast one-shot 3-D map initialization in VSLAM systems.
Exploring Fitness and Edit Distance of Mutated Python Programs.
Exploratory Analysis of Power Spectrum and Functional Connectivity During Resting State in Young Binge Drinkers - A MEG Study.
Design and implementation of processes for the primary care in the healthcare system of Greece.
 Back - Characterizing Context-dependent Meaning Representations in the Brain.
Ballistic transport and high thermopower in one-dimensional InAs nanowires.
Connectivity control in WSN based on fuzzy logic control.
An Augmented Reality Shared Mission Planning Scenario - Observations on Shared Experience.
From the Poincaré Theorem to generators of the unit group of integral group rings of finite groups.
s Circuits in Star Coupled Networks.
GIFTS - the precursor geostationary satellite component of the future Earth Observing System.
Performance evaluation of OFDM and single-carrier systems using frequency domain equalization and phase modulation.
Experimental design methodology for hardware-in-the-loop missile performance simulations.
Robust Range Finder Through a Laser Pointer and a Webcam.
Towards autonomous navigation of multiple pocket-drones in real-world environments.
Construction of an instrument to measure student information and communication technology skills, experience and attitudes to e-learning.
A framework for generating realistic synthetic sequences of total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy images.
Heuristic algorithms for the cardinality constrained efficient frontier.
Advanced Coincidence Processing of 3D Laser Radar Data.
ZFIN, the Zebrafish Model Organism Database - increased support for mutants and transgenics.
Error-triggered Three-Factor Learning Dynamics for Crossbar Arrays.
The Use of Ensemble Empirical Mode Decomposition With Canonical Correlation Analysis as a Novel Artifact Removal Technique.
ccKOPLS - Confounder-correcting kernel-based orthogonal projections to latent structures.
Fast Online 3D Reconstruction of Dynamic Scenes From Individual Single-Photon Detection Events.
Particle identification in ground-based gamma-ray astronomy using convolutional neural networks.
Experimental study of optimal Takagi Sugeno fuzzy controller for rotary inverted pendulum.
Advances in e-Science and e-Research - e-Infrastructures for Modelling and Simulation.
Selective context fusion utilizing an integrated RFID-WSN architecture.
Predictive modeling of lung cancer recurrence using alternative splicing events versus differential expression data.
Scheduling with uncertainties on new computing platforms.
Relato de Experiência no Ensino de Web Semântica e Ontologias em Cursos de Graduação em Engenharia de Software e Ciência da Computação da UnB.
Stain deconvolution of histology images via independent component analysis in the wavelet domain.
Distance Geometry in Structural Biology - New Perspectives.
High-Dimensional Chaos in dissipative and Driven Dynamical Systems.
Teaching Basic Ideas in Logic Using E-learning Tools.
Reliability of metamorphic HEMTs on GaAs substrates.
Multi-objective test case prioritization in highly configurable systems - A case study.
Dynamics of opinion-dependent product spread.
A Critical Review of Decision Support Systems Foundational Articles.
Methodologies, Technologies and Tools Enabling e-Government.
Coordination of resources using generalized state-based requirements.
The vertex-connectivity of a distance-regular graph.
Advances in Smart Content-Oriented Display Technology.
Measuring the steps - Generating action transitions between locomotion behaviours.
Evolving team behaviors with specialization.
Ferramentas de Apoio à Criação e Edição de Ontologias - Tainacan Ontology e uma Análise Comparativa.
Artificial Neural Networks as a Tool for Recognition of Movements by Electroencephalograms.
E-learning solutions for cloud environments.
 experience of using electronic patient records in everyday practice in acute/inpatient ward settings - A literature review.
Defining the engagement life cycle in e-participation.
An Open-Source Azure Solution for Scalable Genomics Workflows.
Efficient multi-objective synthesis for microwave components based on computational intelligence techniques.
Selective crowdsourcing for open process innovation in the public sector - are expert citizens really willing to participate?
Smart Government infrastructure based in SDN Networks - the case of Guadalajara Metropolitan Area.
Change point detection methodology used for segmenting bird songs.
Optimally solving the joint order batching and picker routing problem.
Anomaly Detection in Cyber Network Data Using a Cyber Language Approach.
Procurement auctions and negotiations - An empirical comparison.
Cognitive factors that lead people to comply with spam email.
Attacks on Search RLWE.
Digital Morphogenesis via Schelling Segregation.
Reconciling Compressive Sampling Systems for Spectrally Sparse Continuous-Time Signals.
s Office.
An improved particle filter for sparse environments.
Solar Radiation Time-Series Prediction Based on Empirical Mode Decomposition and Artificial Neural Networks.
A mobile and automated walk-over-weighing system for a close and remote monitoring of liveweight in sheep.
System Identification Approaches for Energy Intake Estimation - Enhancing Interventions for Managing Gestational Weight Gain.
Development of undergraduate programs in computational science - panel.
On the Solution of a Nonlinear Semidefinite Program Arising in Discrete-Time Feedback Control Design.
People Counting in Crowded and Outdoor Scenes using an Hybrid Multi-Camera Approach.
Working Memory Encoding Delays Top-Down Attention to Visual Cortex.
Semantic invoice processing.
Iterative cosparse projection algorithms for the recovery of cosparse vectors.
An Ontology-Based Approach to Estimate the Frequency of Rare Diseases in Narrative-Text Radiology Reports.
Towards increasing citizen engagement in participatory budgeting digital tools.
Advanced Co-simulation Framework for Cooperative Maneuvers Among Vehicles.
Mapping the scholarly development of strategic management.
Fast elastic registration of soft tissues under large deformations.
Homogenizing Estimates of Heritability Among SOLAR-Eclipse, OpenMx, APACE, and FPHI Software Packages in Neuroimaging Data.
A neural network approach to handprint character recognition.
Hardware-friendly DST-VII/DCT-VIII approximations for the Versatile Video Coding Standard.
A clustering based method for collagen proportional area extraction in liver biopsy images.
Trajectory Learning Using Principal Component Analysis.
Reverse of e-mail spam filtering algorithms to maintain e-mail deliverability.
How do neural networks see depth in single images?
Application of supervisory control theory to theme park vehicles.
Design of computer experiments applied to modeling of compliant mechanisms for real-time control.
Direct Estimation of Pharmacokinetic Parameters from DCE-MRI using Deep CNN with Forward Physical Model Loss.
Analysis, Estimation, and Validation of Discrete-Time Epidemic Processes.
A Configurable Middleware Framework with Multiple Quality of Service Properties for Small Embedded Systems.
Document Feature Recognition using a Mesh of Associative Memories.
A combined loglinear/MDS model for mapping journals by citation analysis.
Lessons Learned using Social and Semantic Web Technologies for E-Learning.
Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning in STEM Domains - Towards a Meta-synthesis.
Configuring blockchain architectures for transaction information in blockchain consortiums - The case of accounting and supply chain systems.
The influence of stereoscopic image display on pedestrian road crossing in a large-screen virtual environment.
Twenty-Five Years of Hub Location Research.
Equalizing throughputs in random-access networks.
ISAFM Paper of the Year for 2016.
Stages of Growth of an Innovative Software House - An Additional Criterion for Software Package Selection.
A comparison of verification in the temporal and cepstrum-transformed domains of Transient Evoked Otoacoustic Emissions for biometric identification.
InSPeCT - integrated surveillance for port container traffic.
Optimality conditions for pseudoconvex minimization over convex sets defined by tangentially convex constraints.
Eine flexible Kommunikationsplattform für Distance-Learning.
Um Modelo e um sistema Interativo para Composição e Adaptação de Enredos, Baseados EM Reconhecimento e Geração de Planos.
MapReduce Algorithms for Processing Universal Quantifier Queries.
Combining ABCD Rule, Texture Features and Transfer Learning in Automatic Diagnosis of Melanoma.
Receiver architecture for cognitive positioning with CDMA and OFDM signals.
Reverse engineering approach for improving the quality of mobile applications.
A Multi Join Algorithm Utilizing Double Indices.
Routing post-disaster traffic floods in optical core networks.
A Distributed Algorithm for Scalable Fuzzy Time Series.
Temporal and System Level Modifications for High Speed VLSI Implementations of Cryptographic Core.
A Real Data Analysis in an Internet of Things Environment.
Activated Working Baby Boomers Personal Health Information Management Needs and Expectations - An Exploratory Study.
Using GMDH-based networks for improved spam detection and email feature analysis.
Setting Up an Hydro-Meteo Experiment in Minutes - The DRIHM e-Infrastructure for HM Research.
Extended auxiliary equation method and its applications for finding the exact solutions for a class of nonlinear Schrödinger-type equations.
FSL.
Sociograms - An Effective Tool For Decision Making in Social Learning.
Bounds for Energy-Efficient Survivable IP Over WDM Networks With Network Coding.
Automatic Pattern Recognition by a Gestalt Method
Game·Tel - An approach to multi-format and multi-device accessible engineering education.
Diagnostic Distance - A computational Approach to Diagnostic Differences.
e-Reconstruction and e-archiving of iconic architectural heritage - A complete example.
Automatic grading of prostate cancer in digitized histopathology images - Learning from multiple experts.
Effects of Stereoscopic Depth on Vigilance Performance and Cerebral Hemodynamics.
Multi-objective evolutionary algorithms for energy-aware scheduling on distributed computing systems.
ORE identifies extreme expression effects enriched for rare variants.
Multiple Fault Diagnosis in Electrical Power Systems with Dynamic Load Changes Using Probabilistic Neural Networks.
Improved Solid-Contact Nitrate Ion Selective Electrodes Based on Multi-Walled Carbon Nanotubes (MWCNTs) as an Ion-to-Electron Transducer.
A multi-class structured dictionary learning method using discriminant atom selection.
First-principles multiway spectral partitioning of graphs
Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes (SWCNTs) as Solid-Contact in All-Solid-State Perchlorate ISEs - Applications to Fireworks and Propellants Analysis.
The Importance of Spatiotemporal Information in Biological Motion Perception - White Noise Presented with a Step-like Motion Activates the Biological Motion Area.
Design of X-band complementary metal-oxide semiconductor-based frequency-modulation continuous-wave sensor.
Dual Band Patch Antenna for 5G Applications with EBG Structure in the Ground Plane and Substrate.
Air Dehumidifier Controlled by Arduino Using Peltier.
gwasurvivr - an R package for genome-wide survival analysis.
EPC and 4G Packet Networks - Driving the Mobile Broadband Revolution, Second Edition.
Age differences in speed of processing are partially mediated by differences in axonal integrity.
The Communications Industries in the Era of Convergence.
 IoT.
Health Education in Brazil - Assessment of the Understandability of Icons for the e-Books Store SAITE App.
The SysteMHC Atlas project.
A modified Perry conjugate gradient method and its global convergence.
BOPfox program for tight-binding and analytic bond-order potential calculations.
On the Use of Cellular Technology for Digital TV Bi-Directional Return Channel Services.
A Control Paradigm for Decoupled Operation of Mobile Robots in Remote Environments.
Modelling Watersheds as Spatial Object Hierarchies - Structure and Dynamics.
Review of the Book Intelligent Freeway Transportation Systems - Functional Design [Book Review].
Research proposal for distributed deep web search.
City Ads - Embedding Virtual Worlds and Augmented Reality in Everyday Educational Practice.
A Performance Measure to Support Decision-Making in Agricultural Research Centers in Brazil.
DigBody® - A new 3D modeling tool for nasal virtual surgery.
Received signal strength models for WLAN and BLE-based indoor positioning in multi-floor buildings.
Osteoporosis Detection Using Machine Learning Techniques and Feature Selection.
The Dangers of Replication and a Solution.
Symbiotic organisms search algorithm - Theory, recent advances and applications.
Risk estimation using probability machines.
Mathematical model formulation and hybrid metaheuristic optimization approach for near-optimal blood assignment in a blood bank system.
FingerPing - Recognizing Fine-grained Hand Poses using Active Acoustic On-body Sensing.
Surrogate Models for Enhancing the Efficiency of Neuroevolution in Reinforcement Learning.
The AnyCorrectiveAction stable design pattern.
MobiDB 3.0 - more annotations for intrinsic disorder, conformational diversity and interactions in proteins.
Bifurcation analysis of stationary solutions of two-dimensional coupled Gross-Pitaevskii equations using deflated continuation.
License Plate Recognition - A Brief Tutorial.
Serious Efforts at Bias Reduction.
Optimized Energy Aware 5G Network Function Virtualization.
Near optimal compressed sensing without priors - Parametric SURE Approximate Message Passing.
Extending the functional training approach for B-splines.
SaltiNet - Scan-Path Prediction on 360 Degree Images Using Saliency Volumes.
Unsupervised Word Sense Disambiguation Using Alpha-Beta Associative Memories.
 - Attentional Biases Triggered by Object Ownership.
The Sum-Product Algorithm for Degree-2 Check Nodes and Trapping Sets.
Indoor positioning technology assessment using analytic hierarchy process for pedestrian navigation services.
An efficient and principled method for detecting communities in networks
Acoustic Modeling Using Deep Belief Networks.
Integration of Product Conceptual Design Synthesis into a Computer-Aided Design System.
Engine Misfire Detection with Pervasive Mobile Audio.
Transceiver scheme for single-carrier frequency division multiple access implementing the wavelet transform and peak-to-average-power ratio reduction methods.
Evolution of Robust High Speed Optical-Flow-Based Landing for Autonomous MAVs.
An in-depth study of the promises and perils of mining GitHub.
Obstacle Avoidance Strategy using Onboard Stereo Vision on a Flapping Wing MAV.
s disease and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Motion of the Kidney Between Preoperative and Intraoperative Positioning.
Blood Vessel Analysis on High Resolution Fundus Retinal Images.
Spatial interaction models from Irish commuting data - variations in trip length by occupation and gender.
Mechanically adaptive materials for intracortical implants.
Analog Electronic Implementation of Unstable Dissipative Systems of Type I with Multi-Scrolls Displaced Along Space.
Power Flow Management in MTdc Grids Using Series Current Flow Controllers.
Editorial.
The HUPO proteomics standards initiative- mass spectrometry controlled vocabulary.
A PicoBlaze-Based Embedded System for Monitoring Applications.
Tactical Use of WiMAX-based networks for anti-aircraft artillery units.
Better Transfer Learning with Inferred Successor Maps.
Towards Passive Haptic Learning of piano songs.
Multi-sampling maximum power point tracker (MS-MPPT) to compensate irradiation and temperature changes.
An efficiency comparison between a 18 pulses diode rectifier and a multi-cell AFE rectifier operating with FCS - MPC.
Assessing Decision Making Quality in Face-to-Face Teams versus Virtual Teams in a Virtual World.
Impact of Social Media and Web 2.0 on Decision-Making.
Digital Technologies and Marginalized Youth.
Vehicle Detection and Classification in Traffic Images Using ConvNets With Constrained Resources.
On Descent Spectral CG Algorithms for Training Recurrent Neural Networks.
s disease using a hypometabolic convergence index.
Sintonización de controladores PID por medio de un algoritmo genético con fertilización in vitro aplicado a un convertidor multicelular.
Classification of Large Biomedical Data Using ANNs Based on BFGS Method.
A Flexible Privacy and Trust Based Context-Aware Secure Framework.
Offline Handwritten Script Recognition Based on Texture Descriptors.
 pubertal development is associated with white matter microstructure in late adolescence.
Implementation of an Internal Quality Assurance System at Pablo de Olavide University of Seville - Improving Computer Science Students Skills.
Speed sensorless PMSM motor drive system based on four-switch three-phase converter.
Riparian Vegetation and Digitized Channel Variable Changes After Stream Impoundment - The Provo River and Jordanelle Dam.
Enhancing Selection Hyper-Heuristics via Feature Transformations.
Collision detection methodologies for rigid body assembly in a virtual environment.
Visual attention to television programs with a second-screen application.
Efficient and secure BIG data delivery in Cloud Computing.
Translating EHR-Based Diabetes Decision Support Tools Into the Safety Net.
 identification protocol.
Ac drive system for two motors based on standard three-leg converter.
E-Care telemonitoring system - Extend the platform.
Assembly of Gene Expression Networks Based on a Breast Cancer Signature.
News browsing system - multimodal analysis.
Cell cocultures on coated scaffolds applied to liver models.
A continuum mechanics-based musculo-mechanical model for esophageal transport.
Data Augmentation and Transfer Learning Applied to Charcoal Image Classification.
Optimization of Electrical Stimulation for a High-Fidelity Artificial Retina.
Coordinated Handover Signaling and Cross-Layer Adaptation in Heterogeneous Wireless Networking.
Camouflage assessment - Machine and human.
Fairness and Trust in Structured Populations.
M-SIFT - A new method for Vehicle Logo Recognition.
Fine-Tuning Model Transformation - Change Propagation in Context of Consistency, Completeness, and Human Guidance.
Natural Image Segmentation Using the CIELab Space.
A Berkeley View of Systems Challenges for AI.
Towards the Adoption of Cyber-Physical Systems of Systems Paradigm in Smart Manufacturing Environments.
Self-Powered Smart Sensors in the Management of Water Infrastructures.
MACE - a fine grained concurrent editor.
Preventing Risk Situations at Type-II Diabetes Mellitus Patients Through Continuous Glucose Monitoring and Prediction-Based Teleconsults.
Representation Learning and Dissimilarity for Writer Identification.
Exploring the Role of Emotions in Rational Decision Making.
Multi-task Learning with Weak Class Labels - Leveraging iEEG to Detect Cortical Lesions in Cryptogenic Epilepsy.
An integrated remote sensing and GIS approach for monitoring areas affected by selective logging - A case study in northern Mato Grosso, Brazilian Amazon.
Altered temporal stability in dynamic neural networks underlies connectivity changes in neurodevelopment.
An Associative Memory for Association Rule Mining.
Energy Provision and Storage for Pervasive Computing.
Crisis, Innovation and e-Participation - Towards a Framework for Comparative Research.
An Improved Algorithm for Drift Diffusion Transport and Its Application on Large Scale Parallel Simulation of Resistive Random Access Memory Arrays.
A floating-point advanced cordic processor.
.
Features of estimation of the main key performance indicators of work of production of technological type. I. Complex of key indicators and feature of estimation of qualitative indexes of production flows.
Simple vs complex temporal recurrences for video saliency prediction..
Dipole Antenna Design for UHF RFID Tags.
To talk or not to talk - factors that influence communication around changesets.
Software Productivity - Harmonization in ISO/IEEE Software Engineering Standards.
Detection of Vertebral Body Fractures Based on Cortical Shell Unwrapping.
Achieving target throughputs in random-access networks.
Women in ISIS Propaganda - A Natural Language Processing Analysis of Topics and Emotions in a Comparison with Mainstream Religious Group.
A novel approach to American Sign Language (ASL) phrase verification using reversed signing.
Frontal phasic and oscillatory generators of the N30 somatosensory evoked potential.
An approach to multiple fault diagnosis using fuzzy logic.
Hybridized classification approach for magnetic resonance brain images using gray wolf optimizer and support vector machine.
A Numerov-type Method for Computing Eigenvalues and Resonances of the Radial Schrödinger Equation.
Comparing fully automated state-of-the-art cerebellum parcellation from magnetic resonance images.
Employing ensemble empirical mode decomposition for artifact removal - Extracting accurate respiration rates from ECG data during ambulatory activity.
Memristor-based voltage-controlled relaxation oscillators.
Obstacle Recognition Based on Machine Learning for On-Chip LiDAR Sensors in a Cyber-Physical System.
Using Electronic Health Record Access to Infer Physician Follow-up After Handoffs.
An Application of Random and Hammersley Sampling Methods to Iris Recognition.
Biometric-Iris Random Key Generator Using Generalized Regression Neural Networks.
Cost-Efficient Design of Future Broadband Fixed Wireless Access Systems.
e-Health PST (privacy, security and trust) mobile networking infrastructure.
The importance of language familiarity in global business e-negotiation.
Automatic summarization of rushes video using bipartite graphs.
Low Complexity Power Optimization Algorithm for Multimedia Transmission Over Wireless Networks.
Separation of Benign and Malignant Glands in Prostatic Adenocarcinoma.
vSked - an interactive visual schedule system for use in classrooms for children with autism.
A Placement-Aware Soft Error Rate Estimation of Combinational Circuits for Multiple Transient Faults in CMOS Technology.
All-on-Chip dq-Frame Based D-STATCOM Control Implementation in a Low-Cost FPGA.
An empirical study of the statistics of phase drift of off-the-shelf oscillators for distributed MIMO applications.
Vehicle speed prediction with RNN and attention model under multiple scenarios.
E-studium - an Italian experience of blended e-learning E-studium - an Italian experience of blended e-learning.
Ground and satellite based assessment of meteorological droughts - The Coello river basin case study.
From Virtual Organization to E-Business - Transformational Structuration.
Some criteria for maximal abstract monotonicity.
Individual differences in risk-taking tendencies modulate the neural processing of risky and ambiguous decision-making in adolescence.
Improving energy literacy among middle school youth with project-based learning pedagogies.
Optimal rectangle packing.
E- Murabaha a mechanism for E-Commerce.
Using Portable EEG to Assess Human Visual Attention.
Cooperative game in parallel service systems with nonexponential service times.
Teaching and Learning as Multimedia Authoring - The Classroom 2000 Project.
Speech Understanding Systems.
An FPGA design and implementation of EPZS motion estimation algorithm for 3D H.264/MVC standard.
Network analysis detects changes in the contralesional hemisphere following stroke.
Analysis vs Synthesis - An Investigation of (Co)sparse Signal Models on Graphs.
Algorithms for locating extremely conserved elements in multiple sequence alignments.
Convolutional neural networks at the interface of physical and digital data.
Inferring on the Intentions of Others by Hierarchical Bayesian Learning.
Using Ontologies to Build a Database to Obtain Strategic Information in Decision Making.
A Cellular Automaton Model for Traffic Flow with Safe Driving Policies.
FingOrbits - interaction with wearables using synchronized thumb movements.
An optimized explicit Runge-Kutta-Nyström method for the numerical solution of orbital and related periodical initial value problems.
Enhancing Zoom and Pan in Ultrasound Machines with a Multimodal Gaze-based Interface.
A data driven scheduling approach for power management on HPC systems.
Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO 1999), 13-17 July 1999, Orlando, Florida, USA
Energy Efficient Optical Networks with Minimized Non-Renewable Power Consumption.
Document reconstruction using dynamic programming.
Driving Innovation and Knowledge Management Using Crowdsourcing.
Robust explicit relaxation technique for solving the Green-Naghdi equations.
Robust encoded spread spectrum image watermarking in contourlet domain.
General Area Review Team (Gen-ART) Experiences.
 Perspective.
 Motivation - A Research Study on the Effect of E-Learning on Higher Education.
Towards tractable Boolean games.
A Gauss-Newton Approach for Solving Constrained Optimization Problems Using Differentiable Exact Penalties.
Reconfigurable Microstrip Printed Patch Antenna for Future Cognitive Radio Applications.
Regional Anaesthesia Simulator and Assistant (RASimAs) - Medical Image Processing Supporting Anaesthesiologists in Training and Performance of Local Blocks.
Gamma correction enhancement of infrared night vision images using histogram processing.
Enhancement of IR images using histogram processing and the Undecimated additive wavelet transform.
Diffraction of Elastic Waves in Fluid-Layered Solid Interfaces by an Integral Formulation.
AERO - Adaptive Emergency Request Optimization in CDN-P2P Live Streaming.
Developing fuzzy Bayesian Game Model for Optimizing Negotiation Price.
Interacting Agents in Networks - E-Auction and Emergence in E-Marketing.
A Big Data Analytics Architecture for Industry 4.0.
Fabrication of polymeric microfluidic devices with tunable wetting behavior for biomedical applications.
Dielectrical Spectroscopy of Canine Myocardium during Acute Ischemia.
Demo abstract - Assessing the impact of fog and cloud computing on an IoT service running over an optical/wireless network-An experimental approach.
Performance Tradeoffs in Scheduling Techniques for Mixed Workloads.
Hardware trust implications of 3-D integration.
Moving objects forecast in image sequences using autoregressive algorithms.
DeLFI 2004 - Die e-Learning Fachtagung Informatik, Tagung der Fachgruppe e-Learning der Gesellschaft für Informatik e.V. (GI) 6.-8. September 2004 in Paderborn
New Method of Speech Signals Adaptive Features Construction Based on the Wavelet-like Transform and Support Vector Machines.
Individual versus Organizational Computer Security and Privacy Concerns in Journalism.
Algorithms and Architectures - A Case Study in When, Where and How to Connect Vehicles.
Performance evaluation of cyclic prefix CDMA systems with frequency domain interference cancellation.
Mosaic Ranks for Weakly Semiseparable Matrices.
Control Contraction Metrics - Convex and Intrinsic Criteria for Nonlinear Feedback Design.
Discrete phase-locked loop for three-phase systems.
M-CBIR - A Medical Content-Based Image Retrieval System Using Metric Data-Structures.
Khums Optimization Algorithm.
Adaptive Gaze Control for Object Detection.
Maximizing Security Management Performance and Decisions with the MFC Cyber Security Model - e- learning case study.
Calculating availability and performability measures of repairable computer systems using randomization.
Calculating joint queue-length distributions in product-form queuing networks.
A Design Pattern for Component Oriented Development of Agent Based Multithreaded Applications.
Notes on stable learning with piecewise-linear basis functions.
Reconocimiento de expresiones faciales con base en la dinámica de puntos de referencia faciales.
Agent agreement protocols based on golay error-correcting code.
Reduced Kernel Extreme Learning Machine for Traffic Sign Recognition.
Who Can Assess HR Performance in IT/IS Projects - A Review.
Real-Time FPGA Processing for High-Speed Optical Frequency Domain Imaging.
BCYCLIC - A parallel block tridiagonal matrix cyclic solver.
Early Investigations into Using a Remote RAM Pool with the vl3 Visualization Framework.
A web-based tool for eliciting probability distributions from experts.
A Cognitive Protection System for the Internet of Things.
Using Open Channels to Trigger the Invited, Unintended Consequences of the Internet of Things.
Mutated Policies - Towards Proactive Attribute-based Defenses for Access Control.
A Radio-Frequency Coupling Network for Heating of Citrate-Coated Gold Nanoparticles for Cancer Therapy - Design and Analysis.
E-Learning, Videogames, and other Didactic Technologies.
Crossborder Cooperation on Multimedia Distance Learning - the ELEKTRA Project in the Euregion Meuse-Rhine.
Computer Aided Medical Diagnosis Tool to Detect Normal/Abnormal Studies in Digital MR Brain Images.
Speak App - A Development of Mobile Application Guide for Filipino People with Motor Speech Disorder.
Detecting Pianist Hand Posture Mistakes for Virtual Piano Tutoring.
Nonnegative Tensor CP Decomposition of Hyperspectral Data.
Transverse contraction criteria for existence, stability, and robustness of a limit cycle.
Aduno - Real-time collaborative work design in a shared workspace.
Monitoring and modeling land surface dynamics in Bermejo River Basin, Argentina - Time series analysis of MODIS and AMSR-E data.
Optimal Maneuvering and Control of Cooperative Vehicles as Case Study for Maritime Applications within Harbors.
Insights in evolutionary exploration of robot morphology spaces.
Face Reconstruction with Structured Light.
Cognitive coexistence - A throughput study of MUD-enhanced opportunistic spectrum access.
A methodology for assessing eco-efficiency in logistics networks.
Using the IPv6 Flow Label for Equal Cost Multipath Routing and Link Aggregation in Tunnels.
Analysis and experimental evaluation of the frequency response of an indoor radiating cable in the UHF band.
De-blurring Textual Document Images.
3D Ultrasound to Stereoscopic Camera Registration through an Air-Tissue Boundary.
Key performance indicators for the evaluation of RFID-enabled B-to-B e-commerce applications - the case of a five-layer supply chain.
Periodic Contention-Free Multiple Access for Power Line Communication Networks.
Big Data as an e-Health Service.
An Edge Device Centric E-Health Interconnection Architecture.
Global software development - technical, organizational, and social challenges.
Ordinal One-Switch Utility Functions.
 quality of life - the case of Greece.
B-Mode Ultrasound Image Simulation in Deformable 3-D Medium.
Interactive chroma keying for mixed reality.
Towards Supporting Interactions between Self-Managed Cells.
Estimation of Signal Coverage and Localization in Wi-Fi Networks with AODV and OLSR.
Pareto-optimal solutions for a wastewater treatment problem.
Boosted Tree Classifier for in Vivo Identification of Early Cervical Cancer using Multispectral Digital Colposcopy.
Trajectory Optimization for the Engine-Generator Operation of a Series Hybrid Electric Vehicle.
Robust unmixing of tumor states in array comparative genomic hybridization data.
Computing is not a rock band - student understanding of the computing disciplines.
Research of semantic understanding on target region of interest for fuzzy image.
On the statistical memory architecture exploration and optimization.
Vehicle Velocity Estimation Based on RSS Measurements.
High-Throughput Prostate Cancer Gland Detection, Segmentation, and Classification from Digitized Needle Core Biopsies.
Simulating the impacts of a New Madrid earthquake on the regional electric infrastructure.
Polynomial Interior Point Algorithms for General Linear Complementarity Problems.
Performance evaluation of OpenFlow data planes.
Software reuse through methodical component reuse and amethodical snippet remixing.
A linear solver for benchmarking partitioners.
Relevance Feedback through the Generation of Trees for Image Retrieval Based on Multitexton Histogram.
Integration of behavioural requirements specification within compositional knowledge engineering.
e-Labs and Work Objects - Towards Digital Health Economies.
Resolution and quality enhancement of images using interpolation and contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization.
Automatic Estimation of Enjoyment Levels during Cardiac Rehabilitation Exercise.
Low-rank approximation in the numerical modeling of the Farley-Buneman instability in ionospheric plasma.
Scope of Consumer Responses to an E-mail Health Newsletter.
A Novel Technique for PID Tuning by Linearized Biogeography-Based Optimization.
Automatically Deciding if a Document was Scanned or Photographed.
Map-Elites Algorithm for Features Selection Problem.
SOFIT - Sociotechnical and Organizational Factors for Insider Threat.
A Supervised Learning Approach to Construct Hyper-heuristics for Constraint Satisfaction.
Efficient event handling in Wireless Sensor and Actor Networks - An on-line computation approach.
implementazione di lambda-calcoli e reti di dimostrazioni).
Real Time Ultrasound Needle Image Simulation Using Multi-dimensional Interpolation.
Brain lesion classification using 3T MRS spectra and paired SVM kernels.
An intelligent framework for emotion aware e-healthcare support systems.
Monitoring driving habits through an automotive CAN network.
Stochastic Intermediate Gradient Method for Convex Problems with Stochastic Inexact Oracle.
Enabling Information Centric Networks through Opportunistic Search, Routing and Caching.
On a New Idiom in the Study of Entailment.
Pareto-optimal solution for the quantum battle of the sexes.
Analysis, Online Estimation, and Validation of a Competing Virus Model.
Cancelable fusion-based face recognition.
Computationally efficient DOA estimation in a multipath environment using covariance differencing and iterative spatial smoothing.
Single-Phase Transformer-based HF-Isolated Impedance Source Inverters With Voltage Clamping Techniques.
Implementation of a mobility behavior change support system in Manila Philippines.
IPv6 Flow Label Specification.
Rationale for Update to the IPv6 Flow Label Specification.
Gate defects analysis in AlGaN/GaN devices by mean of accurate extraction of the Schottky Barrier Height, electrical modelling, T-CAD simulations and TEM imaging.
Synthesis and characterization of CBD-CdS nanospheres.
A MODIS-Based Energy Balance to Estimate Evapotranspiration for Clear-Sky Days in Brazilian Tropical Savannas.
Adaptive Jacobian vision based control for robots with uncertain depth information.
CDL-based Channel Model for 5G MIMO Systems in Remote Rural Areas.
Mammographic image segmentation and risk classification based on mammographic parenchymal patterns and geometric moments.
 [Book Review].
Snapshot Multispectral and Hyperspectral Data Processing for Estimating Food Quality Parameters.
s Luckiest Student - Lessons from a High-Stakes Risk Experiment.
ResnetCrowd - A Residual Deep Learning Architecture for Crowd Counting, Violent Behaviour Detection and Crowd Density Level Classification.
StakeSource2.0 - using social networks of stakeholders to identify and prioritise requirements.
Energy efficient user association scheme in cellular machine to machine communications.
Social sensitivity and classroom team projects - an empirical investigation.
Inconsistency of food security information in Sudan.
Energy efficiency of optical OFDM-based networks.
Motzkin predecomposable sets.
Joint optimization of power, electricity cost and delay in IP over WDM networks.
Anisotropic tubular filtering for automatic detection of acid-fast bacilli in Ziehl-Neelsen stained sputum smear samples.
Recipes for stable linear embeddings from Hilbert spaces to $\mathbb{R}m$.
Neural Substrates of Visuospatial Processing in Distinct Reference Frames - Evidence from Unilateral Spatial Neglect.
Power Factor Correction of Inductive Loads using PLC.
Electrical Tongue Stimulation Normalizes Activity Within the Motion-Sensitive Brain Network in Balance-Impaired Subjects as Revealed by Group Independent Component Analysis.
A new family of symmetric linear four-step methods for the efficient integration of the Schrödinger equation and related oscillatory problems.
An efficient event handling protocol for Wireless Sensor and Actor Networks.
M-BERT - Injecting Multimodal Information in the BERT Structure.
Some Modified Runge-Kutta Methods for the Numerical Solution of Initial-Value Problems with Oscillating Solutions.
Machine learning based prediction for peptide drift times in ion mobility spectrometry.
Applying intelligent agents and semantic web services in eGovernment environments.
Brachytherapy seed reconstruction with joint-encoded C-arm single-axis rotation and motion compensation.
Improving benders decomposition using a genetic algorithm.
Constructing optimal educational tests using GMDH-based item ranking and selection.
Social Interaction for Interactive Storytelling.
SnAM - a simulation software on serial manipulators.
MedFit - A Mobile Application for Patients in CVD Recovery.
Unifying geometric, probabilistic, and potential field approaches to multi-robot deployment.
Knowledge modeling through computational agents - application to surveillance systems.
Non-parametric spectral estimation techniques for DNA sequence analysis and exon region prediction.
Use of a non-human robot audience to induce stress reactivity in human participants.
5G-RANGE Project Field Trial.
Characterizing Instructional Leader Interactions in a Social Learning Management System using Social Network Analysis.
Developing an Ontology for Individual and Organizational Sociotechnical Indicators of Insider Threat Risk.
A Source Level Empirical Study of Features and Their Interactions in Variable Software.
Tractability in Value-based Argumentation.
Multi-Variable Bifacial Photovoltaic Module Test Results and Best-Fit Annual Bifacial Energy Yield Model.
A methodology for validating artifact removal techniques for fNIRS.
Backlash Robotic Systems Compensation by Inverse Model-Based PID Control.
Liver Segmentation in Magnetic Resonance Imaging via Mean Shape Fitting with Fully Convolutional Neural Networks.
Computation with varied-strength attacks in abstract argumentation frameworks.
An automated analysis workflow for optimization of force-field parameters using neutron scattering data.
Energy efficiency analysis of HARQ with chase combining in multi-hop wireless sensor networks.
On the analysis of current-controlled fractional-order memristor emulator.
Impact of field cycling on HfO2 based non-volatile memory devices.
An integrative evaluation framework for intelligent decision support systems.
Toward whole-brain maps of neural connections - Logical framework and fast implementation.
On efficient prediction and predictive density estimation for normal and spherically symmetric models.
A Cascade Multilevel Frequency Changing Converter for High-Power Applications.
Sculpting potential fields in the BVP Path Planner.
Characterization of Lipschitz Continuous Difference of Convex Functions.
Development of Information System for Support Archaeological Research Based on Declarative Specifications.
Priority scheme for window-based video-on-demand transmission on BitTorrent-like Peer-to-Peer networks.
Guest Editorial - Special Issue on the 2016 Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR).
Energy-Efficient Distributed Processing in Vehicular Cloud Architecture.
Physician activity during outpatient visits and subjective workload.
Computing the Stationary Distribution Locally.
Computer Aided Detection and Recognition of Lesions in Ultrasound Breast Images.
High-order closed Newton-Cotes trigonometrically-fitted formulae for long-time integration of orbital problems.
Latest trends in computer architectures and parallel and distributed technologies.
Learning to Become an Expert - Reinforcement Learning and the Acquisition of Perceptual Expertise.
Crowdsourcing as a methodology to obtain large and varied robotic data sets.
Training Evaluation in a Learning Organization and Online Training Through the E-booklet Contribution of Game Theory and Shapley Value.
Gradient Projection Iterative Sketch for Large-Scale Constrained Least-Squares.
A feature representation learning method for temporal datasets.
Making sense of personal health information - Challenges for information visualization.
B2C e-commerce development in Africa - case study of Botswana.
variancePartition - interpreting drivers of variation in complex gene expression studies.
Semi-automatic segmentation for prostate interventions.
Evaluation of visualization of the prostate gland in vibro-elastography images.
Translingual Neurostimulation in Treatment of Children with Cerebral Palsy in the Late Residual Stage. Case Study.
E-Commerce Opportunities in the Nonprofit Sector - The Case of New York Theatre Group.
Sharing Driving Between a Vehicle Driver and a Sensor System Using Trust-Factors to Set Control Gains.
Differentiated Connection Admission Control Strategy for Wireless VoIP Networks with Adaptive Modulation Coding.
Vorticity - Simplifying the analysis of the current density.
Quantum behaved particle swarm optimization for data clustering with multiple objectives.
Cryptanalysis of auditing protocol proposed by Wang et al. for data storage security in Cloud Computing.
Smart secure HEED for WSN.
Economic and Societal Significance of the Systems of Systems Research Agenda.
Maturation of Neuroscience Information Framework - An Ontology Driven Information System for Neuroscience.
Where the sidewalk ends - extending the internet as graph using traceroutes from P2P users.
Stochastic Protocol Modeling for Anomaly Based Network Intrusion Detection.
The ECCO Tool - Extraction and Composition for Clone-and-Own.
Active contour detection of linear patterns in spectrogram images.
Information-Gathering Events in Story Plots.
Overview of the interactive task in BioCreative V.
Nine questions on energy decomposition analysis.
Proposed dynamic error control techniques for QoS improvement of wireless 3D video transmission.
Advances in Knowledge Management - An Overview.
Comparison of Different Classifiers for Emotion Recognition.
Algebraic genericity and the differentiability of the convolution.
Automated detection of retinal health using PHOG and SURF features extracted from fundus images.
Recent computational methods for white blood cell nuclei segmentation - A comparative study.
Knowledge Management and Enterprise Social Networking - Content Versus Collaboration.
Improving Disk Array Reliability Through Expedited Scrubbing.
Standardization in computer-based education.
PoEML - Modeling learning units through perspectives.
CAD tool for parameterized FPGA based FFT architectures.
Free Head Movement Eye Gaze Contingent Ultrasound Interfaces for the da Vinci Surgical System.
Relationships Between e-Navigation, e-Maritime, e-Shipping and ITS.
Maximisation of investment profits - An approach to MACD based on genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic.
Classifying Terrestrial Based Forest Photography with Geographic Information Systems to Model Signal Loss.
A tool for neutrophil guided dose adaptation in chemotherapy.
Integral split-and-merge methodology for real-time image segmentation.
Manufacturer and Retailer Strategies to Impact Store Brand Share - Global Integration, Local Adaptation, and Worldwide Learning.
A Process for Gathering Prospective Use Cases from Business Modeling.
Shear modulus estimation using parallelized partial volumetric reconstruction.
An evolutionary approach for personalization of content delivery in e-learning systems based on learner behavior forcing compatibility of learning materials.
Gastos com Bens e Serviços de Tecnologia da Informação e Comunicação no Setor Público - um estudo de caso da Prefeitura de São Paulo.
SenseCam Image Localisation Using Hierarchical SURF Trees.
The NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission formulation.
EVEREVIS - event recognizer in video scenes.
An Inverse Scattering Algorithm for the Segmentation of the Luminal Border on Intravascular Ultrasound Data.
Determining the number of participants needed for the usability evaluation of e-learning resources - A Monte Carlo simulation.
Proposta de um sistema de detecção e classificação de intrusão em redes de computadores baseado em transformadas wavelets e redes neurais artificiais.
Towards Enabling Cross-Organizational Modeling in Automotive Ecosystems.
s Algorithm.
Computational Problems in Formal Argumentation and their Complexity.
Impact of Sidewall Etching on the Dynamic Performance of GaN-on-Si E-Mode Transistors.
MR Damper Identification using ANN based on 1-Sensor - A Tool for Semiactive Suspension Control Compliance.
Calibration and evaluation of an optical-passive microwave approach to estimate soil moisture over several land cover types.
John Womersley - Applied Mathematician and Pioneer of Modern Computing.
Stability-Based Scale Estimation for Monocular SLAM.
Multiple-subjects connectivity-based parcellation using hierarchical Dirichlet process mixture models.
The Minimum Energy Expenditure Shortest Path Method.
A Supervised Incremental Learning Technique for Automatic Recognition of the Skeletal Maturity, or can a Machine Learn to Assess Bone Age Without Radiological Training from Experts?
Evaluating the performance of BSBL methodology for EEG source localization on a realistic head model.
Pedestrian Detection and Tracking Using Three-dimensional LADAR Data.
EEG source localization using a sparsity prior based on Brodmann areas.
Flexible Content Placement in Cache Networks using Reinforced Counters.
A New Control Strategy for Harmonic Mitigation Using Open UPQC in Modern LV Networks.
.
Energy Efficient IoT Virtualization Framework With Peer to Peer Networking and Processing.
Low Complexity Video Compression Using Moving Edge Detection Based on DCT Coefficients.
Stratified modeling in soft fuzzy topological structures.
Multi-modal Registration Improves Group Discrimination in Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury.
Integrated Intelligence for Human-Robot Teams.
Towards the simulation of energy-efficient resilience management.
Counting Families of Mutually Intersecting Sets.
Efficient Free-Rider Detection Using Symmetric Overlays.
Research of TRBVT Regulation Characteristics.
Identifying networks with common organizational principles.
A Multisensor Architecture Providing Location-based Services for Smartphones.
 Adoption of Advanced E-Health Services.
An Efficient Deep Neural Architecture for Multilingual Sentiment Analysis in Twitter.
Hybrid Transmission Scheme for the Cluster Formation in Wireless Sensor Networks with Noisy Channels.
Optimized Neural Network Parameters Using Stochastic Fractal Technique to Compensate Kalman Filter for Power System-Tracking-State Estimation.
ProOpDB - Prokaryotic Operon DataBase.
Exploratory structural equation modeling of resting-state fMRI - Applicability of group models to individual subjects.
Deep learning in mammography and breast histology, an overview and future trends.
ARGEN + AREPO - mixing the artificial genetic engineering and artificial evolution of populations to improve the search process.
Holistic Features For Real-Time Crowd Behaviour Anomaly Detection.
Patterns of continuous requirements clarification.
A Multiscale Filtering-Based Parameter Estimation Method for Patient-Specific Coarctation Simulations in Rest and Exercise.
Fully Convolutional Crowd Counting On Highly Congested Scenes.
An evaluation of some popular investment strategies under stochastic interest rates.
Robust Nonlinear Predictive Control Applied to a Solar Collector Field in a Solar Desalination Plant.
Determining the Quality and Impact of an E-Mentoring Program on At-Risk Youth.
Crafting an environment for collaborative reasoning.
The relation between microfinacing and corruption by country - An analysis of an open source dataset.
 opinions about personally controlled electronic health records.
Constraint-Driven Modeling through Transformation.
New Concepts in the Abstract Format of the Compositional Interchange Format.
Algol in France - From Universal Project to Embedded Culture.
PDBe - Protein Data Bank in Europe.
Adaptive Hybrid ARQ System Using Turbo Product Codes with Hard/Soft Decoding.
A Middleware Supporting Adaptive and Context-Aware Mobile Applications.
Cortical Stimulation Induces Network-Wide Coherence Change In Non-Human Primate Somatosensory Cortex.
Activity Recognition for a Smartphone and Web-Based Human Mobility Sensing System.
THE REAL McCOIL - A method for the concurrent estimation of the complexity of infection and SNP allele frequency for malaria parasites.
An Automatic Multi-atlas Segmentation of the Prostate in Transrectal Ultrasound Images Using Pairwise Atlas Shape Similarity.
Drone Near Me - Exploring Touch-Based Human-Drone Interaction.
Correcting rural building annotations in OpenStreetMap using convolutional neural networks.
Advanced Time-Frequency Mutual Information Measures for Condition-Based Maintenance of Helicopter Drivetrains.
Designing rotamer libraries based on pairs of consecutive residues - A preliminary analysis.
A Novel Ranking Model for a Large-Scale Scientific Publication.
The Diffusion of Information Technology in the United States and Its Impact on Social Science Research across Institutions and Countries.
An approach to improve LOINC mapping through augmentation of local test names.
An empirical study of goto in C code from GitHub repositories.
Improving object segmentation by using EEG signals and rapid serial visual presentation.
Poster - Integration of a haptic rendering algorithm based on voxelized and point-sampled structures into the physics engine Bullet.
Estimating the number of communities in a network.
Change of Scale and Forecasting with the Control-Function Method in Logit Models.
Community detection in networks - Modularity optimization and maximum likelihood are equivalent.
EarBit - Using Wearable Sensors to Detect Eating Episodes in Unconstrained Environments.
On valuations of meromorphic solutions of arbitrary-order linear difference systems with polynomial coefficients.
Predicting the Suitability of Service Animals Using Instrumented Dog Toys.
Improving the Mood of Elderly with Coloured Lighting.
Software Problems That Motivate Web Searches.
A Flexible, Open, Decentralized System for Digital Pathology Networks.
A computational technology for constructing the optimal shape of a power plant blade assembly taking into account structural constraints.
Prime III - an innovative electronic voting interface.
Improving Communication Throughput by Multipath Load Balancing on Blue Gene/Q.
 (de Dios Ortuzar, J. and Willumsen, L.G.; 2011) [Book Review].
The Value of Travel Information - A Search-Theoretic Approach.
Autonomous Ground Vehicles (Ozguner, U., et al; 2011) [Book review].
Understanding and Predicting Private Interactions in Underground Forums.
Revealing matrices of linear differential systems of arbitrary order.
Toward Understanding the Effects of Cognitive Styles on Collaboration in Multiplayer Games.
Weighted Similarity Schemes for High Scalability in User-Based Collaborative Filtering.
Interpretable Neural Networks for Predicting Mortality Risk using Multi-modal Electronic Health Records.
A Multidimensional Strategy to Detect Polypharmacological Targets in the Absence of Structural and Sequence Homology.
Multi-modal Active Visual Perception System for SPL Player Humanoid Robot.
Frequency Dependency of the Delta-E Effect and the Sensitivity of Delta-E Effect Magnetic Field Sensors.
Morphological Attractors in Darwinian and Lamarckian Evolutionary Robot Systems.
Socially Aware Heterogeneous Wireless Networks.
The multi-dimensional digital divide - Perspectives from an e-government portal in Nigeria.
Selective Acquisition Techniques for Enculturation-Based Melodic Phrase Segmentation.
BarCode Medication Administration in ICU - Learning from Our Nurses.
Efficient Storage and Decoding of SURF Feature Points.
TCAD Simulation on FinFET n-type Power Device HCI Reliability Improvement.
Using e-coins to ensure fair sharing of donor funds amongst HIV healthcare facilities.
A value-based cache replacement approach for Information-Centric Networks.
Architecture of a concept-based information retrieval system for educational resources.
Rapid delivery e-Health service (RDeHS) platform.
Texturuntersuchungen bei Ultraschallbildern.
Spectrum Sensing Optimization and Performance Enhancement of Cognitive Radio Networks.
Characterizing and evaluating adversarial examples for Offline Handwritten Signature Verification.
Artificial Intelligence and Big Data.
Towards a Stair Climbing Robot System Based on a Re-configurable Linkage Mechanism.
Block circulant graphs and the graphs of critical pairs of crowns.
Overview of total system model used for the 2008 performance assessment for the proposed high-level radioactive waste repository at Yucca Mountain, Nevada.
A hierarchical target recognition method based on image processing.
) Communities.
A Probability-Based Approach for Solving Shortest Path Problems in Gaussian Networks.
Light Weight MIMO Phased Arrays with Beam Steering Capabilities using RF MEMS.
Spatio-temporal Computation with Neural Sensorial Maps.
A comparison of meta-heuristic search for interactive software design.
Image Encryption Based on Development of Hénon Chaotic Maps using Fractional Fourier Transform.
/G, 1/G)-Expansion Method.
QRSE - a Novel Metric for the Evaluation of Trainee Radiologist Reporting Skills.
Productive use of learning resources in an online problem-based learning environment.
Do different kinds of user-generated content in online brand communities really work?
Architecture for security monitoring in IoT environments.
Establishment of a deep learning network based on feature extraction and its application in gearbox fault diagnosis.
On the exploitation of a high-throughput SHA-256 FPGA design for HMAC.
 [Gov. Inf. Q. 33(4) 685-692].
Effects of Feedback Latency on P300-based Brain-computer Interface.
Probabilistic Boolean network modeling and model checking as an approach for DFMEA for manufacturing systems.
Online heuristics for monetary-based courier relaying in RFID-Sensor Networks.
Molecular Geometry as a Source of Chemical Information. 5. Substituent Effect on Proton Transfer in Para-Substituted Phenol Complexes with Fluoride-a B3LYP/6-311+G** Study.
Force-coupling method for flows with ellipsoidal particles.
Probabilistic Boolean network modeling of an industrial machine.
Modeling preventive maintenance of manufacturing processes with probabilistic Boolean networks with interventions.
Erratum to - Probabilistic Boolean network modeling and model checking as an approach for DFMEA for manufacturing systems.
Theoretical Study of Changes in pi-Electron Delocalization in the Analogues of an ortho-Hydroxy Schiff Base When the Proton Is Replaced with Li+ or BeH+.
Dendritic Immunotherapy Improvement for an Optimal Control Murine Model.
Data-Driven Motion Reconstruction Using Local Regression Models.
Erratum to - Modeling preventive maintenance of manufacturing processes with probabilistic Boolean networks with interventions.
Estimating Social Network Structure and Propagation Dynamics for an Infectious Disease.
Hardness Recognition of Robotic Forearm Based on Semi-supervised Generative Adversarial Networks.
The Digital Divide vs. The E-Government Divide - do Socio-Demographic Variables (Still) Impact E-Government Use among Onliners?
A Novel Breast Image Preprocessing For Full Field Digital Mammographic Segmentation and Risk Classification.
Trägheitslose und echtzeitfähige adaptive räumliche Filterung.
Computer-Aided Tools in Negotiation - Negotiable Issues, Counterfactual Thinking, and Satisfaction.
SRDigital - proposta de um modelo baseado na linguagem natural e controlada como instrumentos de apoio ao agente computacional do processo de referência.
Distributed and hardware accelerated computing for clinical medical imaging using proton computed tomography (pCT).
Real-Time Robot Vision on Low-Performance Computing Hardware.
SPLTea 2014 - First International Workshop on Software Product Line Teaching.
Vertical Mining of Frequent Patterns from Uncertain Data.
Modelling mammographic microcalcification clusters using persistent mereotopology.
UO_UPV - Deep Linguistic Humor Detection in Spanish Social Media.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame - Frederick E. Terman [Scanning Our Past].
ReMoFP - A Tool for Counting Function Points from UML Requirement Models.
A two-stage hub location method for air transportation in Brazil.
Unified approach for minimal output dead time compensation in MIMO non-square processes.
Method to measure the rotation angles in vibrating systems.
Greening Big Data Networks - The Impact of Veracity.
 Wo - Cultural Influences on Human-Drone Interaction Techniques.
Analysis of a direct-drive wind turbine with Axial-Flux Permanent-Magnet Generator operating in close-shore conditions.
Cubic Algebraic Surface Interpolation of Three Points with Prescribed Normals.
An Accelerated Directional Derivative Method for Smooth Stochastic Convex Optimization.
An SFC-enabled approach for processing SSL/TLS encrypted traffic in Future Enterprise Networks.
Multimedia Elements in a Hybrid Multi-Agent System for the Analysis of Web Usability.
Computational modeling of three-dimensional microwave tomography of breast cancer.
Validation of GPS-IR Soil Moisture Retrievals - Comparison of Different Algorithms to Remove Vegetation Effects.
A Study on Estimation of Aboveground Wet Biomass based on the Microwave Vegetation Indices.
New and efficient blind detection algorithm for digital image forgery using homomorphic image processing.
SPLTea 2015 - Second International Workshop on Software Product Line Teaching.
An optimal wavelet-based multi-modality medical image fusion approach based on modified central force optimization and histogram matching.
Throughput maximization for multimedia communication with cooperative cognitive radio using adaptively controlled sensing time.
A First-Order Radiative Transfer Model for Microwave Radiometry of Forest Canopies at L-Band.
Real-time Video Matting for Mixed Reality using Depth Generated Trimaps.
E-learning Readiness Analysis (ERA) - an e-health case study of e-learning readiness.
Clustering XML Documents using Structure and Content Based in a Proposal Similarity Function (OverallSimSUX).
Think co(mpletely)positive ! Matrix properties, examples and a clustered bibliography on copositive optimization.
Hardware-accelerated Web Visualization of Vector Fields - Case Study in Oceanic Currents.
Effect of fractal-shaped outer boundary of glioblastoma multiforme on drug delivery.
Monitoring technology for wheelchair users with advanced multiple sclerosis.
Why so many people? Explaining Nonhabitual Transport Overcrowding With Internet Data.
Dependability analysis of a cyber-physical system for smart environments.
Geographical Area Network - Structural Health Monitoring Utility Computing Model.
Feature fusion techniques based training MLP for speaker identification system.
A Generator of P-stable Hybrid Methods.
A Future-Oriented Budget Narrative for the King County Library System - A Presentation and an Analysis.
s Disease detection.
Enhancing the Performance of a Dynamically Partitionable Bus Network Using a Graph Coloring Algorithm.
Generalisation of structural knowledge in the hippocampal-entorhinal system.
Development and evaluation of a self-propelled electric platform for high-throughput field phenotyping in wheat breeding trials.
Efficient hybrid framework for transmission enhancement of composite 3D H.264 and H.265 compressed video frames.
Development of an expert system to aid engineers in the selection of design for environment methods and tools.
A Wavelet Based Approach for Speaker Identification from Degraded Speech.
Information System for Monitoring and Assessing Stress Among Medical Students.
Data Mining for Financial Applications.
An Approach to Assess Quality of Life Through Biometric Monitoring in Cancer Patients.
Context-Aware Monitoring Agents for Ambient Assisted Living Applications.
Highly secured image hiding technique in stereo audio signal based on complete complementary codes.
IoT-based surveillance system for ubiquitous healthcare.
Connection admission control strategy for wireless VoIP networks using different codecs and/or codec mode-sets.
Complexity considerations - efficient image transmission over mobile communications channels.
Proposed enhanced hybrid framework for efficient 3D-MVC and 3D-HEVC wireless communication.
Achieving dependability in software-defined networking - A perspective.
Modification of Colors in Images for Enhancing the Visual Perception of Protanopes.
PathGAN - Visual Scanpath Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks.
Using Different Communication Media in Requirements Negotiation.
 usefulness and efficiency towards continuance intention.
Scalable Pathogen Pipeline Platform (SP3) - Enabling Unified Genomic Data Analysis with Elastic Cloud Computing.
On the Automorphism Group of a Binary Self-Dual Doubly Even [72, 36, 16] Code.
GPseudoRank - a permutation sampler for single cell orderings.
GPR target detection using a neural network classifier designed by a multi-objective genetic algorithm.
Image processing in biodosimetry - A proposal of a generic free software platform.
Considering combined or separated roughness and vegetation effects in soil moisture retrievals.
Characterization of 1H NMR spectroscopic data and the generation of synthetic validation sets.
Attention Mechanism for Aggressive Detection.
Video game speech rehabilitation for velopharyngeal dysfunction - Feasibility and pilot testing.
Selection of Energy Efficient Routing Protocol for Irrigation Enabled by Wireless Sensor Network.
Mobile gesture interaction using wearable tactile displays.
Mobile agent itinerary planning for WSN data fusion - considering multiple sinks and heterogeneous networks.
Particle swarm optimization with deliberate loss of information.
A Conceptual Framework for Modelling the Collaborative Order Management Process.
Deklaer - An Ontology-Driven Framework for Generating IoT Applications using ContextNet.
A Performance Evaluation of P-EDR in Different Parallel Environments.
Scalable Implicit Flow Solver for Realistic Wing Simulations with Flow Control.
The MPI-Delphi Interface - A Visual Programming Environment for Clusters of Workstations.
A Simplified 3D Radiative Transfer Approach for the Retrieval of Chemical and Structural Properties of Individual Tree Crowns from Hyperspectral Data.
Template Phenology for Vegetation Models.
Physics-Based Retrieval of Surface Roughness Parameters for Bare Soils from Combined Active-Passive Microwave Signatures.
Real-World Evolution of Robot Morphologies - A Proof of Concept.
REVE 2017 - 5th International Workshop on REverse Variability Engineering.
Energy-efficient histogram equalization on FPGA.
From artificial cognitive systems and open architectures to cognitive manufacturing systems.
Effects of Lateral Eye Displacement on Comfort While Reading from a Video Display Terminal.
Communications and simple coordination of robots in TeamChaos.
Micro-Net - A unified model for segmentation of various objects in microscopy images.
s disease.
The Improved Correlation Matrix Memory (CMML).
New EMPIR project - Metrology for Drug Delivery, the role of IPQ.
Cyber physical process monitoring systems.
Urban Knowledge Analysis for Dynamic Forecasting Using Multispectral Data.
Integrated Multicast and Geocast Routing in MANETs.
Socio-technical considerations for enterprise system interfaces in Systems of Systems.
Design and Implementation of Smart Contract - A use case for geo-spatial data sharing.
Apoyo a la Decisión en Ingeniería del Software (ADIS, 10ª ed.).
Semantic middleware for e-Science knowledge spaces.
Identificação da Autoria de Manuscritos com Base em Atributos Genéticos e Genéricos da Escrita.
Motivated Proteins - A web application for studying small three-dimensional protein motifs.
Abstraction, Sensory-Motor Coordination, and the Reality Gap in Evolutionary Robotics.
MADNESS - A Multiresolution, Adaptive Numerical Environment for Scientific Simulation.
Outlier Detection.
The 2nd workshop on active internet measurements (AIMS-2) report.
Discrete Resonant Control for wide frequency range operation of power converters.
Online Gait Learning for Modular Robots with Arbitrary Shapes and Sizes.
Neurobehavioral mechanisms of human fear generalization.
A stationary wavelet transform approach to compressed spectrum sensing in cognitive radio.
Electron Landé g     factor in semiconductor quantum wires.
Bayesian reconstruction and use of anatomical a priori information for emission tomography.
The Long Wavelength Array.
An empirical examination of antecedents and consequences of IT governance in US hospitals.
Concept Learning and the Limitations of Arcade-Style Games.
A Model of Low Level Co-operativity in Cerebral Dynamic.
Computational Agents to Model Knowledge - Theory, and Practice in Visual Surveillance.
Designing training scenarios by rehearsal.
s Disease.
Konzepte für den Einsatz von E-Tutoren in komplexen E-Learning-Szenarien - Ein Erfahrungsbericht.
Integrating Clinical Laboratory Measures and ICD-9 Code Diagnoses in Phenome-Wide Association Studies.
Message passing on networks with loops.
Embedding co-production and addressing uncertainty in watershed modeling decision-support tools - Successes and challenges.
Advanced Diagnosis - SBST and BIST Integration in Automotive E/E Architectures.
CADRE - the Central Aspergillus Data REpository 2012.
 Medium Businesses.
Projektmanagement und Vorgehensmodelle 2018 - Der Einfluss der Digitalisierung auf Projektmanagementmethoden und Entwicklungsprozesse - Gemeinsame Tagung der Fachgruppen Projektmanagement (WI-PM) und Vorgehensmodelle (WI-VM) im Fachgebiet Wirtschaftsinformatik der Gesellschaft für Informatik e.V. in Kooperation mit der Fachgruppe IT-Projektmanagement der GPM e.V., Düsseldorf 2018
Australian SKA Pathfinder - A High-Dynamic Range Wide-Field of View Survey Telescope.
A Symbiotic Organisms Search Algorithm for Blood Assignment Problem.
Dilemmas of modelling and decision-making in environmental research.
HistDoc - A Toolbox for Processing Images of Historical Documents.
s Jacquard jacket.
s jacquard jacket.
Exploiting character networks for movie summarization.
Social Network Analysis of a Disaster Behavior Network - An Agent-Based Modeling Approach.
Applicability of human reliability assessment methods to human-computer interfaces.
Class Separation Improvements in Pixel Classification Using Colour Injection.
De novo transcriptome assembly with ABySS.
E-learning critical success factors - Comparing perspectives from academic staff and students.
Correcting Misaligned Rural Building Annotations in Open Street Map Using Convolutional Neural Networks Evidence.
Cardiovascular regulation in response to multiple hemorrhages - analysis and parameter estimation.
OVMMSOM - A Variation of MMSOM and VMSOM as a Clusterization Technique.
canSAR - an integrated cancer public translational research and drug discovery resource.
Vegetation chlorophyll estimates in the Amazon from multi-angle MODIS observations and canopy reflectance model.
Electrical Engineering Hall of Fame - Oliver E. Buckley [Scanning Our Past].
On a fully discrete finite-difference approximation of a nonlinear diffusion-reaction model in microbial ecology.
Optimising virtual networks over time by using Windows Multiplicative DEA model.
A free and open source programming library for landscape metrics calculations.
Imaging the deep cerebellar nuclei - A probabilistic atlas and normalization procedure.
Measuring the Impact of E-Learning Platforms on Information Security Awareness.
Transitive closure of subsumption and causal relations in a large ontology of radiological diagnosis.
A Hybrid Grouping Genetic Algorithm for citywide ubiquitous WiFi access deployment.
3D Prostate Segmentation in Ultrasound Images Based on Tapered and Deformed Ellipsoids.
Vibro-Elastography for Visualization of the Prostate Region - Method Evaluation.
Fast Parabola Detection Using Estimation of Distribution Algorithms.
Mapping of wind-thrown forests using satellite SAR images.
Demonstration of a quantum key distribution network across urban fiber channels.
Resilient Service Embedding In IoT Networks.
Interdisciplinary and Cross-Cultural Perspectives on Explanatory Coexistence.
Clinical Decision Support-based Quality Measurement (CDS-QM) Framework - Prototype Implementation, Evaluation, and Future Directions.
Markov Modelling Based Reliability Evaluation of UPFC Incorporated IEEE 9 Bus System.
Toward modeling auditory information seeking strategies on the web.
Optimal Tuning of Cascade Controllers for Feed Drive Systems using Particle Swarm Optimization.
Hacia una arquitectura flexible para sistemas de predicción de palabras - propuesta de diseño y evaluación.
Self-aware computing in the Angstrom processor.
Current Developments on Optical Feedback Interferometry as an All-Optical Sensor for Biomedical Applications.
Predicting build failures using social network analysis on developer communication.
The 12-Core POWER8™ Processor With 7.6 Tb/s IO Bandwidth, Integrated Voltage Regulation, and Resonant Clocking.
Towards real-time under-ice acoustic navigation at mesoscale ranges.
Efficient storage and classification of color patterns based on integrating interpolation with ANN/SVM.
Should Everyone Go to College?
Friendship networks and social status.
An investigation of user requirements for broadband communications in the automotive industry.
Improving the identification of functional system requirements when novice analysts create use case diagrams - the benefits of applying conceptual mental models.
Directed Locomotion for Modular Robots with Evolvable Morphologies.
Applying balancing techniques in traffic sign recognition.
Anomaly Detection with High Resolution Hyperspectral Observations.
Computer Support for Learning through Complex Problem Solving.
Efficient Hotspot Thermal Simulation Via Low-Rank Model Order Reduction.
Arts and humanities e-science - Current practices and future challenges.
The role of public policies in the decentralization process of Mexican science and the formation of new researchers in institutions outside the Mexico City area.
A Bayesian semiparametric model for volatility with a leverage effect.
SelfSync - exploring self-synchronous body-based hotword gestures for initiating interaction.
Adaptive Least Squares Acquisition of High Resolution Images.
A Combinatorial Multigrid Preconditioned Iterative Method for Large Scale Circuit Simulation on GPU s.
A novel modulation technique for asymmetric multi-cell inverters of 27-level without regeneration.
Bottom Up Approach and Devolved Design of a Health Information System - eHealth TABLET.
When the Weakest Link is Strong - Secure Collaboration in the Case of the Panama Papers.
s Disease Based on an Ensemble of Classifiers.
Downloads and citations in Intelligent Systems in Accounting, Finance and Management.
On Using Divide and Conquer in Modeling Natural Systems.
Computed microtomography and x-ray fluorescence analysis for comprehensive analysis of structural changes in bone.
Handwritten Digit Recognition with a Back-Propagation Network.
.
Cell spotting - studying the role of cellular networks in the internet.
Predicting packet loss statistics with hidden Markov models for FEC control.
Energy Efficient Software Matching in Vehicular Fog.
Enhanced Wiener Restoration of Images Based on the Haar Wavelet Transform.
Developing the Quantitative Histopathology Image Ontology (QHIO) - A case study using the hot spot detection problem.
Acquisition of Sarsat Information Using an Auto-Correlation Based Adaptive Line enhancer.
Performance analysis of a method for high level prevention of traffic analysis.
A Core Broking Model for E-Markets.
A Modified Wiener Filter for Multi-Frame Restoration of Blurred and Noisy Images.
A 60-Gb/s 1.9-pJ/bit NRZ Optical Receiver With Low-Latency Digital CDR in 14-nm CMOS FinFET.
On the Rational Recursive Sequence xn+1=(A+∑i=0kαixn-i)/(B+∑i=0kβixn-i).
Regularized MIMO Equalization for SC-FDMA Systems.
A New Genetic Algorithm for Scheduling for Large Communication Delays.
s Disease Characteristics.
Comparative Analysis and Implementation of Semantic-Based Classifiers.
Quantifying Stranded Implant Displacement Following Prostate Brachytherapy.
Sensitivity of AMSR-E Brightness Temperatures to the Seasonal Evolution of Lake Ice Thickness.
A Semi-Supervised Algorithm to Map Major Vegetation Zones Using Satellite Hyperspectral Data.
Digitalizaçao de acervos fotográficos públicos e seus reflexos institucionais e sociais - tecnologia e consciência no universo digital.
Construction of an optimized explicit Runge-Kutta-Nyström method for the numerical solution of oscillatory initial value problems.
An inverse problem for a general vibrating annular membrane in R3 with its physical applications - further results.
An inverse problem for a general annular-bounded domain in R2 with mixed boundary conditions and its physical applications.
An inverse problem of the wave equation for a general doubly connected region in R2 with a finite number of piecewise smooth Robin boundary conditions.
HCI for peace - beyond tie dye.
De retibus socialibus et legibus momenti
A multi-document summarization system based on statistics and linguistic treatment.
Attitude and altitude estimation and control on board a Flapping Wing Micro Air Vehicle.
Challenges When Engaging Diabetic Patients and Their Clinicians in Using E-Health Technologies to Improve Clinical Outcomes.
NIFSTD and NeuroLex - Comprehensive Neuroscience Ontology Development Based on Multiple Biomedical Ontologies and Community Involvement.
A Contraction Theory-Based Analysis of the Stability of the Deterministic Extended Kalman Filter.
Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care, MMHealth@MM 2017, Mountain View, CA, USA, October 23 - 27, 2017
Joint denoising and contrast enhancement for light microscopy image sequences.
Continuous Monitoring Using Event-Driven Reporting for Cluster-Based Wireless Sensor Networks.
Analysis of E-Commerce User Behavior of Indonesian Students - A Preliminary Study of Adaptive E-Commerce.
Joint Action in a Virtual Environment - Crossing Roads with Risky vs. Safe Human and Agent Partners.
Models of Minimizing the Damage from Atmospheric Emissions of Industrial Enterprises.
Proceedings of the 4th Internet-QoE Workshop on QoE-based Analysis and Management of Data Communication Networks, Internet-QoE@MobiCom 2019, Los Cabos, Mexico, October 21, 2019
Impact of Calendar Life and Cycling Ageing on Supercapacitor Performance.
Web 2.0 for E-Science Environments.
Explicit high order methods for the numerical integration of periodic initial-value problems.
WiSeBE - Window-Based Sentence Boundary Evaluation.
An inverse problem for the three-dimensional multi-connected vibrating membrane with Robin boundary conditions.
Establishing social cooperation - The role of hubs and community structure.
Standards for Graph Algorithm Primitives.
The AXES-lite video search engine.
Fast Primal-Dual Gradient Method for Strongly Convex Minimization Problems with Linear Constraints.
Location Constraints for Repetition-Based Segmentation of Melodies.
A P-stable exponentially fitted method for the numerical integration of the Schrödinger equation.
Quantum Walks with Entangled Coins and Walkers in Superposition.
Combining meta- and mega- analytic approaches for multi-site diffusion imaging based genetic studies - From the ENIGMA-DTI working group.
 Collaboration in Self-Organizing Game Design Teams.
Persistent self-supervised learning principle - from stereo to monocular vision for obstacle avoidance.
Order allocation, rack allocation and rack sequencing for pickers in a mobile rack environment.
Second International Workshop on Reverse Variability Engineering (REVE 2014).
Towards Extra-Luminal Blood Detection from Intravascular Ultrasound Radio Frequency Data.
Game theory and open source contribution - Rationale behind corporate participation in open source software development.
E-health interoperability and smart interactions in healthcare.
s strategy use when playing strategic games.
Development of a Metabolic Syndrome Personal Health Record System.
Development of a Knowledge Base for Enabling Non-expert Users to Apply Data Mining Algorithms.
Enabling Non-expert Users to Apply Data Mining for Bridging the Big Data Divide.
ECG Parametric Modeling Based on Signal Dependent Orthogonal Transform.
On Learning, Uncertainty and Synchronization in Stochastic Neural Ensembles
09.
Special Issue on Applied Earth Observation and Remote Sensing in Latin America.
LogP - A Practical Model of Parallel Computation.
Security checklist for IaaS cloud deployments.
Energy Efficient virtualization framework for 5G F-RAN.
A machine learning approach to determining tag relevance in geotagged Flickr imagery.
Impact of the digital divide on e-government - Expanding from channel choice to channel usage.
Visualisation of tennis swings for coaching.
A 3-D Fast Transform-based preconditioner for large-scale power grid analysis on massively parallel architectures.
Проблемы качества представления измерительных данных в научных e-публикациях (On Problems with Measured Data Quality in Scientific e-publishing).
Mail Monitoring MIB.
Towards Intra-operative Prostate Brachytherapy Dosimetry Based on Partial Seed Localization in Ultrasound and Registration to C-arm Fluoroscopy.
Network Services Monitoring MIB.
Efficient method for estimating the number of communities in a network.
Robotic manipulation of micro/nanoparticles using optical tweezers with velocity constraints and stochastic perturbations.
Capacitive Level Smart Sensors in the Management of Wastewater Treatment Processes.
Waiting for a Robust Disease Ontology - A Merger of OMIM and MeSH as a Practical Interim Solution.
Context variability modeling for runtime configuration of service-based dynamic software product lines.
BrAPI - an application programming interface for plant breeding applications.
Counterexamples to Conjectures About Subset Takeaway and Counting Linear Extensions of a Boolean Lattice.
Computational support for collaborative learning through generative problem solving.
A three-parameter mechanical property reconstruction method for MR-based elastic property imaging.
Minimizing CO2 emissions of Photovoltaic Thermal model in North America.
Acesso e gestão da informação governamental do tipo arquivístico - aspectos técnicos e a visão de gestores e servidores de duas instituições governamentais.
The Use of Multisensory User Interfaces for Games Centered in People with Cerebral Palsy.
A Multi-scale Piecewise-Linear Feature Detector for Spectrogram Tracks.
In Vivo Veritas - Towards the Evolution of Things.
Whale Tracking - Software System for the Acquisition, Management and Processing of Data on the Blue Whale at Offshore.
Online Intelligent Demand Management of Plug-In Electric Vehicles in Future Smart Parking Lots.
On the Consistency of the Likelihood Maximization Vertex Nomination Scheme - Bridging the Gap Between Maximum Likelihood Estimation and Graph Matching.
Defining optimal DEM resolutions and point densities for modelling hydrologically sensitive areas in agricultural catchments dominated by microtopography.
High algebraic, high phase-lag order embedded Numerov-type methods for oscillatory problems.
Extreme distributed systems - from large scale to complexity.
Nanoinformatics - developing new computing applications for nanomedicine.
Online adaptive feature weighting for spatiogram-bank tracking.
Technology support for collaborative learning in a problem-based curriculum for sustainable technology.
A linearly distributed lag estimator with r-convex coefficients.
The Mensural Scoring-up Tool.
Application of Supervisory Control Synthesis to a Patient Support Table of a Magnetic Resonance Imaging Scanner.
Third International Workshop on Reverse Variability Engineering (REVE 2015).
Maximal cocliques in the Kneser graph on point-plane flags in PG(4, q).
Medical Imaging 2019 - Digital Pathology, San Diego, California, United States, 16-21 February 2019
A Discussion about the Implementation of a WSN to Industry 4.0 based on the IEEE 1451 Standard.
Flood inference simulation using surrogate modelling for the Yellow River multiple reservoir system.
Primal-Dual Method for Searching Equilibrium in Hierarchical Congestion Population Games.
An empirical task analysis of warehouse order picking using head-mounted displays.
Including Spatial Information in Nonlinear Inversion MR Elastography Using Soft Prior Regularization.
E-government in Alabama - An analysis of county voting and election website content, usability, accessibility, and mobile readiness.
(l1, l2)-RIP and Projected Back-Projection Reconstruction for Phase-Only Measurements.
E-voting Authentication with QR-codes.
Is social learning more than parameter tuning?
Chebyshev series method for computing weighted quadrature formulas.
Robust Mixture Modeling Based on Two-Piece Scale Mixtures of Normal Family.
Needle Insertion Parameter Optimization for Brachytherapy.
Verifying Access Control Properties with Design by Contract - Framework and Lessons Learned.
Inexact Gradient Projection and Fast Data Driven Compressed Sensing.
A hydrokinetic resource assessment of the Florida Current.
A neural-network-based realization of in-network computation for the Internet of Things.
A method for calculating successive approximate solutions for a class of block banded M/G/1 type Markovian models.
On-line consistent ranking on e-recruitment - seeking the truth behind a well-formed CV.
Breathing Feedback System with Wearable Textile Sensors.
Single-Device and On-Chip Feedthrough Cancellation for Hybrid MEMS Resonators.
The Effect of Marketing Imperfection Variables on Production in the Context of Brazilian Agriculture.
An OS-Hypervisor Infrastructure for Automated OS Crash Diagnosis and Recovery in a Virtualized Environment.
A Stochastic Production Frontier Analysis of the Brazilian Agriculture in the Presence of an Endogenous Covariate.
Characterization of failure dynamics in SDN controllers.
Texture-based descriptors for writer identification and verification.
Memory-Aware Green Scheduling on Multi-core Processors.
A Formal Knowledge Level Process Model of Requirements Engineering.
Towards the Development of a Knowledge Base for Realizing User-Friendly Data Mining.
s Immersion into Second Life, a Multi-user Virtual Environment (MUVE).
Visualisation of intramural coronary vasculature by an imaging cryomicrotome suggests compartmentalisation of myocardial perfusion areas.
Rank Awareness in Joint Sparse Recovery.
Dynamic Discovery of IoT Services Based on Semantic Processing of Event Flows.
Strange bedfellows - community identification in bittorrent.
Model-based Control Approaches for Optimal Integration of a Hybrid Wind-diesel Power System in a Microgrid.
vrSensory - Designing Inclusive Virtual Games with Neurodiverse Children.
The Road from Stochastic Automata to the Simulation of Rare Events.
Benefits of lamarckian evolution for morphologically evolving robots.
Acquiring moving skills in robots with evolvable morphologies - recent results and outlook.
Non-Contact manipulation of microbeads via pushing and pulling using magnetically controlled clusters of paramagnetic microparticles.
Use of MODIS Sensor Images Combined with Reanalysis Products to Retrieve Net Radiation in Amazonia.
FRINGE - A New Approach to the Detection of Overlapping Communities in Graphs.
Special Section - 2010 Copper Mountain Conference.
Updated core libraries of the ALPS project.
A novel signal diagnosis technique using pseudo complex-valued autoregressive technique.
Comparative Analysis of Four Models to Estimate Chlorophyll-a Concentration in Case-2 Waters Using MODerate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) Imagery.
Clasificación de imágenes de redes mitocondriales asociadas al estudio del cáncer de mama.
EXEHDA - adaptive middleware for building a pervasive grid environment.
A Steganographic Embedding Undetectable by JPEG Compatibility Steganalysis.
Novel Multidimensional Models of Opinion Dynamics in Social Networks.
Addressing IEC Flickermeter Deficiencies by Digital Filtration Inside a Sliding Window.
A parallel fast transform-based preconditioning approach for electrical-thermal co-simulation of power delivery networks.
Using Twitter for Public Health Surveillance from Monitoring and Prediction to Public Response.
Scalable, low complexity, and fast greedy scheduling heuristics for highly heterogeneous distributed computing systems.
Audio Summarization with Audio Features and Probability Distribution Divergence.
Cyclostationarity-based spectrum sensing properties for signals of opportunity.
Cooperative Robot Control and Concurrent Synchronization of Lagrangian Systems.
Viewpoint-Based Methodology for Adaption of Automotive E/E-Architectures.
Modified Binary Inertial Particle Swarm Optimization for Gene Selection in DNA Microarray Data.
Algebraic Wavelet Transform via Quantics Tensor Train Decomposition.
Spectral methods for network community detection and graph partitioning.
Human behavior monitoring using a passive indoor positioning system - a case study in a SME.
Spectral community detection in sparse networks.
Using the Virtual Reality World of Second Life to Teach Nursing Faculty Simulation Management.
An Approach for Learning and Construction of Expressive Ontology from Text in Natural Language.
Prediction of highly cited papers.
Identification of validated case definitions for medical conditions used in primary care electronic medical record databases - a systematic review.
Near optimal citywide WiFi network deployment using a hybrid grouping genetic algorithm.
Antipatterns for Architectural Knowledge Management.
Tradeoff Between Reliability and Security in Multiple Access Relay Networks Under Falsified Data Injection Attack.
Memristor-CNTFET based ternary logic gates.
Estado del arte en reconocimiento facial.
We need to communicate! - helping hearing parents of deaf children learn american sign language.
Stackelberg strategies for wastewater management.
A Cost-Based Database Request Distribution Technique for Online e-Commerce Applications.
HealthMedia 2018 - Third International Workshop on Multimedia for Personal Health and Health Care.
An Evaluation of the Web Presence of a Nonprofit Organization.
Logical Foundations and Fast Implementation of Probabilistic Tractography.
A Review of Productivity Factors and Strategies on Software Development.
Directing chemotaxis-based spatial self-organisation via biased, random initial conditions.
Predicting journeys for DTN routing in a public transportation system.
Sistema de monitoreo remoto y detección de anomalías cardiacas en pacientes ambulatorios.
Reconciling Urgency and Variable Abstraction in a Hybrid Compositional Setting.
Deploying fault-tolerant grid-based wireless sensor networks for environmental applications.
Hidden Markov model for human to computer interaction - a study on human hand gesture recognition.
Improving Ontology Verbalization using Semantic-level Refinement (Extended Abstract).
Search Space Reduction for E/E-Architecture Partitioning.
Making with Fabric - Foundations of Soft Goods and E-Textiles Fabrication.
Persistent Homology for 3D Reconstruction Evaluation.
Fast and accurate BER estimation methodology for I/O links based on extreme value theory.
Combining different biometric traits with one-class classification.
Cell phenotyping in multi-tag fluorescent bioimages.
Effect of E-Cigarette Use and Social Network on Smoking Behavior Change - An Agent-Based Model of E-Cigarette and Cigarette Interaction.
Stereoscopic Interpretation of Low-Dose Breast Tomosynthesis Projection Images.
Benefits of Social Learning in Physical Robots.
Educational Methodology Based on Active Learning for Mechatronics Engineering Students - towards Educational Mechatronics.
Learning to Make Intelligent Decisions Using an Expert System for the Intelligent Selection of Either PROMETHEE II or the Analytical Hierarchy Process.
Exploring heuristic interactions in constraint satisfaction problems - A closer look at the hyper-heuristic space.
Robust correlation technology for online monitoring of changes in the state of the heart by means of laptops and smartphones.
A robust filter and controller design for NCS with uncertainties and data dropouts.
Extending model transformations in the performance domain with a node modeling library.
Analyzing Scheduled Maintenance Policies for Repairable Computer Systems.
A Note on the Computational Cost of the Linearizer Algorithm for Queueing Networks.
Design and Evaluation of a Semantic Gateway Prototype for IoT Networks.
A note on the regularity of a new metric for measuring even-flow in forest planning.
Fusion estimation for multi-rate linear repetitive processes under weighted try-once-discard protocol.
DeepFreak - Learning Crystallography Diffraction Patterns with Automated Machine Learning.
Energy consumption and execution time estimation of embedded system applications.
s Handbook - creating and Deploying Innovative IMS Applications.
A Note on the Differences of Computably Enumerable Reals.
Simultaneous left and right ventricle segmentation using topology preserving level sets.
Exploring Complex Systems Aspects of Blackout Risk and Mitigation.
E-Democracy - Safeguarding Democracy and Human Rights in the Digital Age - 8th International Conference, e-Democracy 2019, Athens, Greece, December 12-13, 2019, Proceedings
Session details - Interaction and interventions.
Energy efficient service embedding in IoT networks.
Including Failure Correlation in Availability Modeling of a Software-Defined Backbone Network.
Using learning classifier systems to design selective hyper-heuristics for constraint satisfaction problems.
Using regularization and second order information in outer approximation for convex MINLP.
RubiX - Combining Spatial Resolutions for Bayesian Inference of Crossing Fibers in Diffusion MRI.
Creative and Set in Their Ways - Challenges of Security Sensemaking in Newsrooms.
Increasing the Dependability of IoT Middleware with Cloud Computing and Microservices.
Investigating Input Protocols, Image Analysis, and Machine Learning Methods for an Intelligent Identification System of Fusarium Oxysporum Sp. in Soil Samples.
SIPCache - A Distributed SIP Location Service for Mobile Ad-Hoc Networks.
In-car speed estimations with real, virtual, and no view.
A Semantic P2P Platform for Sharing Documents in eGovernment Domains.
Improving Writer Identification Through Writer Selection.
Integrated Task and Interrupt Management for Real-Time Systems.
Glimma - interactive graphics for gene expression analysis.
Harvesting idle CPU resources for desktop grid computing while limiting the slowdown generated to end-users.
Hybrid Passive-Overcurrent Relay for Detection of Faults in Low-Voltage DC Grids.
Energy-Efficient Scheduling on Milliclusters with Performance Constraints.
Ethics for Big Data and Analytics.
Analyzing Medical Image Search Behavior - Semantics and Prediction of Query Results.
Interpersonal Affordances and Social Dynamics in Collaborative Immersive Virtual Environments - Passing Together Through Apertures.
Predicting Higher Order Structural Feature Interactions in Variable Systems.
Mathematical modeling of intimate partner violence - Simulations of loss of control scenarios.
Online Learning Tools for Middle School Science - Lessons Learned from a Design-Based Research Project.
Nonnegative Low-rank Sparse Component Analysis.
A simulation optimization approach for design space exploration of soft real-time embedded systems.
An hybrid feature space from texture information and transfer learning for glaucoma classification.
PKLot - A robust dataset for parking lot classification.
Analyzing Conflicts between Decision-Makers in Determining Criteria to Evaluate Segmentation in Water Distribution Network.
Uncovering Bugs in P4 Programs with Assertion-based Verification.
Computational development tool for project electron guns with grids and shadow-grids, PPM and colectors for microwave power valves and experimental, characterization (Desenvolvimento de ferramenta computacional para projeto de canhões de elétrons com grade e shadow-grid, PPM e coletores aplicados em válvulas de micro-ondas de potência e caracterização experimental).
Self-adjusting wearables - variable control through a shape-memory latching mechanism.
Canonical polyadic decomposition of hyperspectral patch tensors.
A Viral Model of Product Adoption with Antagonistic Interactions.
Curve Registered Coupled Low Rank Factorization.
s Attributes from their Physiological Response to an Online Course.
Evaluating Late Blight Severity in Potato Crops Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and Machine Learning Algorithms.
Vertical Landing for Micro Air Vehicles using Event-Based Optical Flow.
Color local complexity estimation based steganographic (CLCES) method.
A High Resolution Land Use/Cover Modelling Framework for Europe - Introducing the EU-ClueScanner100 Model.
Iterative Recovery of Dense Signals from Incomplete Measurements.
Using a CRIS for e-Infrastructure - e-Infrastructure for Scholarly Publications.
Controlling Interfacial Adhesion of Self-Assembled Polypeptide Fibrils for Novel Nanoelectromechanical System (NEMS) Applications.
Dynamic Allocation of Backhaul Resources in Converged Wireless-Optical Networks.
The E-Foto Project and the Research to Implement a GNU/GPL Open source Educational Digital Photogrammetric Workstation.
Decoding 3-D Reach and Grasp Kinematics From High-Frequency Local Field Potentials in Primate Primary Motor Cortex.
Freegaming - Mobile, collaborative, adaptive and augmented exergaming.
A new approach for multi-dimensional signal processing and modelling for signals from gel electrophoresis.
An Analytics Platform for Integrating and Computing Spatio-Temporal Metrics.
New horizons for the IoT in everyday life - proactive, shared, sustainable.
Integration of Bioinspired Vision Principles Towards the Design of Autonomous Guidance, Navigation, and Control Systems.
Computing Preferred Extensions in Abstract Argumentation - A SAT-Based Approach.
Erkios - End-to-end field-based RAS testing.
A Generic Reference Architecture for Collaboratory Scientific Virtual Laboratory.
Evaluating user behavior and strategy during visual exploration.
Smap Mission Status, New Products and Extended-Phase Goals.
An Intelligent Sensor Array Distributed System for Vibration Analysis and Acoustic Noise Characterization of a Linear Switched Reluctance Actuator.
Directory Server Monitoring MIB.
Going Viral - Stability of Consensus-Driven Adoptive Spread.
Usability testing of a multimedia e-learning resource for electrolyte and acid-base disorders.
Performance Analysis of a JPEG Encoder Mapped onto a Virtual MPSoC-NoC Architecture using TLM 2.0.1.
Arctic Tundra Vegetation Functional Types Based on Photosynthetic Physiology and Optical Properties.
Event-based parareal - A data-flow based implementation of parareal.
Semi-Automatic Multi-Object Video Annotation Based on Tracking, Prediction and Semantic Segmentation.
Developments of Environmental Certified Reference Material from the Brazilian Metrology Institute to Support National Traceability.
Temperature Measurement Methods During Direct Heat Arterial Tissue Fusion.
An assessment of online instructor e-learning readiness before, during, and after course delivery.
Artificial Neural Network-Based Algorithm for ARMA Model Order Estimation.
Explainability Methods for Graph Convolutional Neural Networks.
A distributed graph approach for pre-processing linked RDF data using supercomputers.
A Generalization of the Zig-Zag Graph Product by Means of the Sandwich Product.
A peer-to-peer semantically-driven environment to distribute contents applied to the digital administration.
A binary integer linear programming-based approach for solving the allocation problem in multiprocessor partitioned scheduling.
Classification of micro-calcification in mammograms using scalable linear Fisher discriminant analysis.
PLM Process and Information Mapping for Mass Customization Based on Additive Manufacturing.
Characterizing Programming Systems Allowing Program Self-Reference.
Effect of the Dresselhaus spin splitting on the effective Landé g-factor in GaAs-(Ga, Al)As quantum wells under in-plane or growth-direction magnetic fields.
Detection of Brachytherapy Seeds Using 3-D Transrectal Ultrasound.
Security Aware Partitioning for efficient file system search.
Demons versus level-set motion registration for coronary 18F-sodium fluoride PET.
Análise geográfica entre mensagens georreferenciadas de redes sociais e dados oficiais para suporte à tomada de decisões de agências de emergência.
Dynamic Interchange Adjustment (DINA) algorithm to explore benefits of across-market energy trades.
E-Business Value in Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises in Southern Africa - A Quantitative Content Analysis of Websites.
FissureNet - A Deep Learning Approach For Pulmonary Fissure Detection in CT Images.
Wireless pilot monitoring system for extreme race conditions.
Hybrid modeling and simulation of plant/controller combinations.
Radar walk detection in the apartments of elderly.
Study of fractional flux-controlled memristor emulator connections.
A parallel iterative approach for efficient full chip thermal analysis.
On the alert - future priorities for alerts in clinical decision support for computerized physician order entry identified from a European workshop.
Tidal volume monitoring by electrical impedance tomography (EIT) using different regions of interest (ROI) - Calibration equations.
The Murchison Widefield Array - Design Overview.
Correction - On the alert - future priorities for alerts in clinical decision support for computerized physician order entry identified from a European workshop.
Analysis and Control of a Continuous-Time Bi-Virus Model.
Design issues for a shingled write disk system.
Ludic Learning - Exploration of TLE TeachLivE™ and Effective Teacher Training.
Modeling discrete-time analytical models based on random early detection - Exponential and linear.
Measurement Methodologies for Assessing the Glycolysis Effect in the Discrimination and Therapy of Brain Gliomas.
Supporting Collaborative Innovation Networks for New Concept Development Through Web Mashups.
Developing A Soil Inversion Model Framework for Regional Permafrost Monitoring.
High-Accuracy Adaptive Simulations of a Petri Dish Exposed to Electromagnetic Radiation.
Performance analysis of a hierarchical switched network architecture.
Mapping Arctic Bottomfast Sea Ice Using SAR Interferometry.
Strategic Cognitive Sequencing - A Computational Cognitive Neuroscience Approach.
Model-based method for transcription factor target identification with limited data.
A state-based framework for supervisory control synthesis and verification.
Speaker Identification Using Autoregressive Hidden Markov Models and Adaptive Vector Quantisation.
Energy evaluation of different inverter topologies and modulations used on electrical vehicles.
Design and Analysis of Miniaturized Reconfigurable Multifunction Microstrip Array Antenna for Communication and Radar Applications.
Planar soap bubble clusters with multiple cavities.
Boosting Advanced Computational Applications and Resources in Latin America through Collaboration and Sharing.
Large scale circuit simulation exploiting combinatorial multigrid on massively parallel architectures.
Model comparison in Emergency Severity Index level prediction.
The new real number system and discrete computation and calculus.
Capturing the Sporting Heroes of Our Past by Extracting 3D Movements from Legacy Video Content.
Subzone based multi-frequency magnetic resonance elastography using a Rayleigh damped material model.
The Pursuit of Flow in the Design of Rehabilitation Systems for Ambient Assisted Living - A Review of Current Knowledge.
OncoCL - A Cancer Cell Ontology.
Integrated remote sensing image fusion framework for target detection.
17.
Cell Insertion Ratio Analysis in Asynchronous Transfer Mode Networks.
En-Ar Bilingual Word Embeddings without Word Alignment - Factors Effects.
Calibration of mobile-gantry computed tomography for surgical navigation.
A Comparative Study of Meta-Heuristic Optimization Algorithms for 0 - 1 Knapsack Problem - Some Initial Results.
Spectral analysis of the tremor motion for needle detection in curvilinear ultrasound via spatiotemporal linear sampling.
XY Network for Nuclear Segmentation in Multi-Tissue Histology Images.
Joint Low-Complexity Equalization and Carrier Frequency Offsets Compensation Scheme for MIMO SC-FDMA Systems.
Integration of data mining techniques in e-learning systems - Clustering Profil of Lerners and Recommender Course System.
Joint Decompositions with Flexible Couplings.
Noise figure and pump reflection power in SMF-reach optical fibre for raman amplification.
Fast Transformations to Provide Simple Geometric Models of Moving Objects.
Multi-Field-of-View Framework for Distinguishing Tumor Grade in ER+ Breast Cancer From Entire Histopathology Slides.
SDN-based QoS provisioning and interference management in heterogeneous CRN.
End-to-end authentication in Under-Water Sensor Networks.
Trigonometrically fitted fifth-order runge-kutta methods for the numerical solution of the schrödinger equation.
A survey on spectrum sensing algorithms for cognitive radio networks.
A Hybrid Method for Obtaining the Distribution of Report Latency in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Configurable DSS for Uncertainty Management by Fuzzy Sets.
Artificial neural networks and signal clipping for Profibus DP diagnostics.
 Opinions about Shared Electronic Health Records.
Rhotrix Multiplication on Two-Dimensional Process Grid Topologies.
Can driven-right-leg circuits increase interference in ECG amplifiers?
Unsupervised identification and recognition of situations for high-dimensional sensori-motor streams.
A phase-fitted Runge-Kutta-Nyström method for the numerical solution of initial value problems with oscillating solutions.
Between the Social and the Technical - Negotiation of Human-Centered Robotics Design in a Middle School Classroom.
Glioma growth modeling based on the effect of vital nutrients and metabolic products.
An adaptive approach to network resilience - Evolving challenge detection and mitigation.
Selecting meta-heuristics for solving vehicle routing problems with time windows via meta-learning.
A Review of Current e-Government Initiatives in Spain.
Statistical unit root test for edge detection in ultrasound images of vessels and cysts.
Mechanical properties of AlCu film alloys prepared by thermal diffusion.
Hybrid InGaAs/SiGe CMOS circuits with 2D and 3D monolithic integration.
CRC-Free Hybrid ARQ System Using Turbo Product Codes.
I like to log - a questionnaire study towards accessible lifelogging for older users.
A Fully Parallel Framework for Analyzing RDF Data.
Supervised regularized canonical correlation analysis - Integrating histologic and proteomic data for predicting biochemical failures.
Combining meteorological and lysimeter data to evaluate energy and water fluxes over a row crop for remote sensing applications.
Optimal Configuration of Isolated Hybrid AC/DC Microgrids.
The Impact of Heterogeneous Computing on Workflows for Biomolecular Simulation and Analysis.
s Law Revisited - The Evidence for a Task-Based Perspective.
State fusion of fuzzy automata with application on target tracking.
Intraoperative application of hand-held structured light scanning - a feasibility study.
Suitability of nitinol electrodes in neural prostheses such as endovascular neural interfaces.
Closed-Loop Control of Renal Perfusion Pressure in Physiological Experiments.
P-stability, Trigonometric-fitting and the numerical solution of the radial Schrödinger equation.
Differentiability v.s. convexity for complementarity functions.
Directed strongly regular graphs from -designs.
A lower bound for the Erlang C formula in the Halfin-Whitt regime.
ProCom - designing a mobile and wearable system to support proximity awareness for people with autism.
Bird species identification using spectrogram and dissimilarity approach.
A Systematic Flow for Developing Totally Self-Checking Architectures for SHA-1 and SHA-2 Cryptographic Hash Families.
Effects of Topography on the Radiometry of CHRIS/PROBA Images of Successional Stages Within Tropical Dry Forests.
Felix - A Topology Based Framework for Visual Exploration of Cosmic Filaments.
Denoising Message Passing for X-ray Computed Tomography Reconstruction.
Solving Sinhala Language Arithmetic Problems using Neural Networks.
A new recursive algorithm for inverting general periodic pentadiagonal and anti-pentadiagonal matrices.
Management patterns - SDN-enabled network resilience management.
Cutting Speed in Nano-Cutting as MD Modelling Parameter.
Optical transitions in new trends organic materials.
Influence of gate leakage current on AlGaN/GaN HEMTs evidenced by low frequency noise and pulsed electrical measurements.
A wavelet-based index for fault detection and its application in condition monitoring of helicopter drive-train components.
Efficient Calibration of Radio Interferometers Using Block LDU Decomposition.
From Data to Service Intelligence - Exploring Public Safety as a Service.
Strategies for Online Academic Research (SOAR) - Digital Literacy for Middle School Students.
Recent advances delivered by HTML 5 in mobile cloud computing applications - a survey.
From the Euclidean Algorithm for Solving a Key Equation for Dual Reed-Solomon Codes to the Berlekamp-Massey Algorithm.
User Behavior and Change - File-sharers and Copyright Laws.
SCReen adjusted panoramic effect - SCRAPE.
Simulation of the Sum-Product Algorithm Using Stratified Sampling.
Dynamic Backhaul Resource Allocation - An Evolutionary Game Theoretic Approach.
Concepts of a Control Strategy for Multilevel CSC STATCOM toward Reduce its Losses using a Fixed Modulation Index.
Team formation based on group technology - A hybrid grouping genetic algorithm approach.
Sample Distortion for Compressed Imaging
How novelty search escapes the deceptive trap of learning to learn.
Short-term asymptotics for the implied volatility skew under a stochastic volatility model with Lévy jumps.
A Novel Speech Enhancement Method Using Fourier Series Decomposition and Spectral Subtraction for Robust Speaker Identification.
Tailoring Instances of the 1D Bin Packing Problem for Assessing Strengths and Weaknesses of Its Solvers.
Specialized optical fibre sensor array for structural damage detection.
A study of the harmonics introduced by soft-starters in the induction motor starting current using continuous time-frequency transforms.
Fuzzy codesign for networked control systems.
Covert channels and anonymizing networks.
Mammographic Segmentation and Density Classification - A Fractal Inspired Approach.
e-government... not e-governance... not e-democracy not now! - not ever?
Passive Haptic Training to Improve Speed and Performance on a Keypad.
Prostate Brachytherapy Training With Simulated Ultrasound and Fluoroscopy Images.
Maximal classes of matrices determining generalized inverses.
Integrate Enterprise Systems to our Hyperconnected World - Anything, Anywhere, Anytime through architectural design.
Detecting Botnets Using Command and Control Traffic.
A self-learning strategy for artificial cognitive control systems.
Speeded up robust features for efficient iris recognition.
Impact of sidewall etching on the dynamic performance of GaN-on-Si E-mode transistors.
Computer-Based Political Action - The Battle and Internet Blackout over PIPA.
Placement-based SER estimation in the presence of multiple faults in combinational logic.
Imaging genetics in multiple sclerosis - A volumetric and diffusion tensor MRI study of APOE ε4.
FPGA-based methodology for depth-of-field extension in a single image.
Empirical research methodologies and studies in Requirements Engineering - How far did we come?
s requirements engineering process.
Short-time expansions for close-to-the-money options under a Lévy jump model with stochastic volatility.
Estudo comparado entre bibliotecários, contadores e analistas de tecnologia da informação - processo de profissionalização e seu efeito na formação, atuação e reconhecimento profissional.
A neuromechanical simulation of insect walking and transition to turning of the cockroach Blaberus discoidalis.
Strain Sensing Sheets for Structural Health Monitoring Based on Large-Area Electronics and Integrated Circuits.
How We Learn to Make Decisions - Rapid Propagation of Reinforcement Learning Prediction Errors in Humans.
A proof of the conjecture of Cohen and Mullen on sums of primitive roots.
Using Reference Groups to Assess Academic Productivity in Computer Science.
Energy model for low-power cluster.
A Note on Principal Point Estimability.
A Strategic Plan for Deploying an Internet X.500 Directory Service.
Heterogeneous download times in a homogeneous BitTorrent swarm.
Efficient quantum-based security protocols for information sharing and data protection in 5G networks.
Sharing of Radiology Knowledge through an Online Library of Radiology Reporting Templates.
The Values of Self-tracking and Persuasive eCoaching According to Employees and Human Resource Advisors for a Workplace Stress Management Application - A Qualitative Study.
Removing the Influence of Shimmer in the Calculation of Harmonics-To-Noise Ratios Using Ensemble-Averages in Voice Signals.
e-Government adoption model based on theory of planned behavior - Empirical validation.
 performance.
Construction of Efficient V-Gram Dictionary for Sequential Data Analysis.
Nonlinear kernel-based statistical pattern analysis.
Adaptive bearer split control for 5G multi-RAT scenarios with dual connectivity.
Automatic detection of invasive ductal carcinoma in whole slide images with convolutional neural networks.
IP addresses considered harmful.
Multiclass motor imagery classification based on the correlation of pattern images generated by spatial filters.
Standardisation strategies for the android platform - The politics of the stack.
A View on Edge caching Applications.
Blind selective mapping for single-carrier frequency division multiple access system.
An update on the SimulNet educational platform. Towards standards-driven E-learning.
Improving data availability for brain image biobanking in healthy subjects - Practice-based suggestions from an international multidisciplinary working group.
Application-layer community-oriented uplink scheduler for CDMA networks.
Water Vapor Continuum Absorption in the Microwave.
Deprecating the Anycast Prefix for 6to4 Relay Routers.
On the Sparsification of the Reluctance Matrix in RLCk Circuit Transient Analysis.
Including homoclinic connections and T-point heteroclinic cycles in the same global problem for a reversible family of piecewise linear systems.
Can GUI Implementation Markup Languages Be Used for Modelling?
Towards Data-Driven Persuasive Coaching in a Heart Failure Telemonitoring Technology.
Requirements-Driven Collaboration - Leveraging the Invisible Relationships between Requirements and People.
Down the Block and Around the Corner The Impact of Radio Propagation on Inter-vehicle Wireless Communication.
Gaussian Normalization - Handling Burstiness in Visual Data.
High Resolution Soil Moisture Product Based on Smap Active-Passive Approach Using Copernicus Sentinel 1 Data.
On the Service Capacity of P2P Systems.
On-board Range-based Relative Localization for Micro Aerial Vehicles in indoor Leader-Follower Flight.
ADAN - a database for prediction of protein-protein interaction of modular domains mediated by linear motifs.
Minding the Gap Between First and Continued Usage of a Corporate E-Learning English-language Program.
Extended kernel correlation filter for abrupt motion tracking.
Platforms in the palm of your hand - Mobile value chain evolution.
Innovation and Implementation of E-interactive Teaching and Learning System for History Theory Course of Sino-foreign Cooperative School-running Specialty.
FingerSound - Recognizing unistroke thumb gestures using a ring.
Non-intrusive model derivation - automated modeling of residential electrical loads.
Detection of Learners with a Performance Inconsistent with Their Effort.
Network Governance in the E-Lance Economy.
e-Government readiness - Does national culture matter?
Prospects for quantitative fMRI - Investigating the effects of caffeine on baseline oxygen metabolism and the response to a visual stimulus in humans.
When two computer-supported learning strategies are better than one - An eye-tracking study.
Efficient IC hotspot thermal analysis via low-rank Model Order Reduction.
Innovations in Knowledge Management - The Impact of Social Media, Semantic Web and Cloud Computing
Output-Feedback Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Control via Disturbance Estimation.
A two-step method with phase-lag of order infinity for the numerical integration of second order periodic initial-value problem.
An overview of the e-book marketplace.
A survey of quantum image representations.
Molecular Relationships between Bronchial Asthma and Hypertension as Comorbid Diseases.
Airway Segmentation, Skeletonization, and Tree Matching to Improve Registration of 3D CT Images with Large Opacities in the Lungs.
Characterizing Geographic Variation in Well-Being Using Tweets.
Using an instructional expert to mediate the locus of control in adaptive e-learning systems.
Effective tree scattering at L-band.
FENDE - Marketplace-Based Distribution, Execution, and Life Cycle Management of VNFs.
Analysing cyber-physical attacks to a Smart Grid - A voltage control use case.
Validating the OPA Cascading Blackout Model on a 19402 Bus Transmission Network with Both Mesh and Tree Structures.
Cross-repository aggregation of educational resources.
Risk Identification and Risk Mitigation Instruments for Global Software Development - Systematic Review and Survey Results.
Extracting reliable gene expression signatures through Stable Bootstrap Validation.
Evaluating E-learning systems success - An empirical study.
Sensitivity and specificity of upper extremity movements decoded from electrocorticogram.
Optimal multi-scale geometric fusion based on non-subsampled contourlet transform and modified central force optimization.
Inverse Stability Certificate and Applications to Emergency Control of Power Systems.
An efficient receiver scheme for downlink ZP-CDMA.
YPDTM, PombePDTM and WormPDTM - model organism volumes of the BioKnowledgeTM Library, an integrated resource for protein information.
e-Healthcare Cloud-Enabling Characteristics, Challenges and Adaptation Solutions.
Multiple access interference cancelation technique in optical CDMA systems.
e-Healthcare Interconnection Networking Services.
Three-dimensional microwave tomography - initial experimental imaging of animals.
Threat modeling approaches and tools for securing architectural designs of an e-banking application.
A 40-Gb/s serial link transceiver in 28-nm CMOS technology.
SunShade - software-defined solar systems.
General Gap Analysis for Autonomic Networking.
Performance Comparison of IoT Communication Protocols.
Blind image separation based on exponentiated transmuted Weibull distribution.
Autonomic Networking - Definitions and Design Goals.
Segmentation of the luminal border in intravascular ultrasound B-mode images using a probabilistic approach.
A Survey of Transport Protocols for Haptic Applications.
Child-robot interaction in the wild - field testing activities of the ALIZ-E project.
Fault attack on FPGA implementations of Trivium stream cipher.
Collaborative cross-layer framework for handover decision in overlay networks.
A conservative level set method suitable for variable-order approximations and unstructured meshes.
Neck model optimization using genetic algorithms with objective function output feedback.
Search and rescue - dog and handler collaboration through wearable and mobile interfaces.
Canine computer interaction - towards designing a touchscreen interface for working dogs.
The X.500 String Representation of Standard Attribute Syntaxes.
Color adaptation for protanopia using differential evolution-based fuzzy clustering - A case study in digitized paintings.
X.500 Lightweight Directory Access Protocol.
Computing the shortest elementary flux modes in genome-scale metabolic networks.
Using the OSI Directory to achieve User Friendly Naming (OSI-DS 24 (v1.2)).
A String Representation of Distinguished Names (OSI-DS 23 (v5)).
A 4×40 Gb/s quad-lane CDR with shared frequency tracking and data dependent jitter filtering.
Supervised remote sensing image segmentation using boosted convolutional neural networks.
Mammographic Ellipse Modelling Towards Birads Density Classification.
The nonexistence of distance-regular graphs with intersection arrays {27, 20, 10;1, 2, 18} and {36, 28, 4;1, 2, 24}.
Difficulty-level Modeling of Ontology-based Factual Questions.
PathGAN - Visual Scanpath Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks.
Algorithm 901 - LMEF - A program for the construction of linear multistep methods with exponential fitting for the numerical solution of ordinary differential equations.
Temperature Measurement in CFRP Milling Using a Wireless Tool-Integrated Process Monitoring Sensor.
Addendum - topology and prediction of RNA pseudoknots.
Mapping between X.400 and RFC-822 Message Bodies.
Educational Tool for Optimal Controller Tuning Using Evolutionary Strategies.
A Deep Residual Architecture for Skin Lesion Segmentation.
Ionic liquid effects on mass transfer efficiency in extractive distillation of water-ethanol mixtures.
Drafting behind Akamai - inferring network conditions based on CDN redirections.
A novel measurement model based on abBRIEF for global localization of a UAV over satellite images.
Hot-carrier and BTI damage distinction for high performance digital application in 28nm FDSOI and 28nm LP CMOS nodes.
Improved large-scale prediction of growth inhibition patterns using the NCI60 cancer cell line panel.
Citizen involvement in public sector innovation - Government and citizen perspectives.
Fast path planning using multi-resolution boundary value problems.
A Model for Incident Tickets Correlation in Network Management.
Monte Carlo Particle Lists - MCPL.
Genetic Modelling of Customer Retention.
s identity for discrete random walks.
Energy efficient cloud networks.
Community detection and graph partitioning
Microwave photonic notch filter based on the use of the chromatic dispersion parameter and the length of an optical link.
Comparison of Brazilian researchers in clinical medicine - are criteria for ranking well-adjusted?
Digital governance and public value creation at the state level.
 Effectiveness.
Gaze estimation using a webcam for region of interest detection.
Lossy compression of satellite images with low impact on vegetation features.
Storytelling as a Qualitative Method for IS Research - Heralding the Heroic and Echoing the Mythic.
Inteligência computacional aplicada à modelagem e otimização de bioprocessos.
A Matrix-Matrix Multiplication methodology for single/multi-core architectures using SIMD.
A methodology for speeding up edge and line detection algorithms focusing on memory architecture utilization.
Memristor-less current- and voltage-controlled meminductor emulators.
A 40 Gb/s Serial Link Transceiver in 28 nm CMOS Technology.
Multi-phase oscillator for higher-order PSK applications.
Localized QoS Routing Algorithm Based on Residual Bandwidth.
OpenCDS ePHR - an Open-Source, Standards-Based Decision Support Platform for Electronic Public Health Reporting.
Statistical evaluation of pairwise protein sequence comparison with the Bayesian bootstrap.
Fabrication of Passive Wireless Sensor by Pulsed Laser Scribing of Indium Tin Oxide.
A comparative study of bug algorithms for robot navigation.
Identification of sleep apnea events using discrete wavelet transform of respiration, ECG and accelerometer signals.
Conformational Molecular Switches for Post-CMOS Nanoelectronics.
High-Dimensional Nash Equilibria Problems and Tensors Applications.
Molecular dynamics study of hydration of the protein interior.
Characteristics of Minimal Effective Programming Systems
Aspects of Multi-Dimensional Modelling of Substellar Atmospheres
Power Consumption Profiling Using Energy Time-Frequency Distributions in Smart Grids.
Use of Neural Signals to Evaluate the Quality of Generative Adversarial Network Performance in Facial Image Generation.
An adaptive nonmonotone active set - weight constrained - neural network training algorithm.
A Soft Electronics-Free robot.
Resisting to False Identities Attacks to the Public-Key Management System for Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
Intelligent non-invasive modeling of ultrasound-induced temperature in tissue phantoms.
New modified Runge-Kutta-Nyström methods for the numerical integration of the Schrödinger equation.
Advanced Media-Based Smart Big Data on Intelligent Cloud Systems.
Realising management and composition of Self-Managed Cells in pervasive healthcare.
Chlorophyll Fluorescence Data Reveals Climate-Related Photosynthesis Seasonality in Amazonian Forests.
Zero Dissipative, Explicit Numerov-Type Methods for Second Order IVPs with Oscillating Solutions.
A Compressed Sensing Framework for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting.
Compressed Quantitative MRI - Bloch Response Recovery through Iterated Projection.
Simple Relationships Among Moments of Queue Lengths in Product Form Queueing Networks.
A New Implementation of a Half-Duplex Decode-and-Forward Cooperative Algorithm Using Complete Complementary Code Sets.
Existence of heteroclinic and homoclinic orbits in two different chaotic dynamical systems.
Efficient Image Transmission with Multi-Carrier CDMA.
On the application of block transmissions for improving control over lossy networks.
A new trigonometrically-fitted sixth algebraic order P-C algorithm for the numerical solution of the radial schrödinger equation.
INSpIRE - Integrated NFV-based Intent Refinement Environment.
A distributed NFV orchestrator based on BDI reasoning.
 and Radiocarbon Proxies for Inferring Ages on Ocean Sediment Cores.
Aggressive Online Control of a Quadrotor via Deep Network Representations of Optimality Principles.
Granular-Based Dimension Reduction for Solar Radiation Prediction Using Adaptive Memory Programming.
A General Nonconvex Multiduality Principle.
Software Patterns (Introduction to the Special Section).
A Moral Education Learning System based on the Snakes and Ladders Game.
3D Ultrasonic Rangefinder on a Chip.
Cognitive Foundations of Cultural Learning.
A Web-Based Institutional DICOM Distribution System with the Integration of the Clinical Trial Processor (CTP).
Orchestrating a Pan-African University Alliance with the help of e-learning.
Evaluation of NMS e-Services Environment Within the Context of Four Specific Socio-Economic Domains - Towards the Promotion of a few Best Practices for Improving e-Inclusion and e-Participation.
ImaGEO - integrative gene expression meta-analysis from GEO database.
A new approach to local navigation for autonomous driving vehicles based on the curvature velocity method.
Dynamical and Probabilistic Approaches to the Study of Blackout Vulnerability of the Power Transmission Grid.
Unsupervised Learning of a Hierarchical Spiking Neural Network for Optical Flow Estimation - From Events to Global Motion Perception.
Enhancement and Edge-Preserving Denoising - An OpenCL-Based Approach for Remote Sensing Imagery.
Protecting RAID Arrays against Unexpectedly High Disk Failure Rates.
Cascaded Incremental Nonlinear Dynamic Inversion Control for MAV Disturbance Rejection.
An evolutionary game-theoretic approach to congestion control.
Application of a three-dimensional hydrodynamic model for San Quintin Bay, B.C., Mexico. Validation and calibration using OpenDA.
Derivation of a resilient polygon centroid for natural resource management applications.
Phase-Contrast Clinical Breast CT - Optimization of Imaging Setups and Reconstruction Workflows.
A Review of Customer Management Tools - The Energy Industry.
Quantitative Aspects of Single-Molecule Microscopy - Information-theoretic analysis of single-molecule data.
Signal Processing Techniques for Assisted Listening [From the Guest Editors].
STFANET - SDN-Based Topology Management for Flying Ad Hoc Network.
Exploring the Creation of Learner-Centered E-Training Environments Among Retail Workers - A Model Development Perspective.
Generative Adversarial Networks - A Survey and Taxonomy.
National-scale clinical information exchange in the United Kingdom - lessons for the United States.
P300 Latency Estimation Using Least Mean Squares Filter.
Cascaded ensemble of convolutional neural networks and handcrafted features for mitosis detection.
s Evolving Strategy and Business Model - Striving for Success in Challenging Times.
e-Health security context management service.
Using matrix norms to estimate the direction of arrival of planar waves on an ULA.
Observability in Inertial Parameter Identification.
Nonlinear control of a nano-hexacopter carrying a manipulator arm.
Accurate and robust deep learning-based segmentation of the prostate clinical target volume in ultrasound images.
Systematic literature review - Self-Regulated Learning strategies using e-learning tools for Computer Science.
Articular models for first-degree paraconsistent systems.
Using matrix norms to estimate the direction of arrival of planar waves on an ULA.
On Properties of Percentile Bootstrap Confidence Intervals for Period Using Periodogram.
Advances in e-Science and e-Research - e-Infrastructures for Modelling and Simulation.
 [J. Frankl. Inst. 356 (2019) 3781-3796].
The Prospects for e-Examinations in Nigeria and Australia.
 Epilepsy - Semi-supervised Hierarchical Conditional Random Fields For Detecting Cortical Lesions In MRI-Negative Patients.
Performance Assurance of Memories Embedded in VLSI Chips.
Partner-Specific Adaptation in Dialog.
Ubiquitous robust data delivery for integrated RSNs in IoT.
On the complexity of computing the handicap of a sufficient matrix.
 Participants.
Efficient Linear System Solution Techniques in the Simulation of Large Dense Mutually Inductive Circuits.
Supporting Free Collaboration and Process-Based Scripts in PoEML.
A Review of ICT Considerations in Actual AMI Deployments.
Panel - OASIS in the Mirror - Reflections on the Impacts and Research of IFIP WG 8.2.
Machine Learning and Decision Support in Critical Care.
Utilizing RFID-WSNs for reducing the footprint of the Oil Sands industry.
Observer based sliding mode controller for vehicles with roll dynamics.
Personalized design of a hand prosthesis considering anthropometry of a real hand extracted from radiography.
A New Single Phase Single Switched-Capacitor Based Nine-Level Boost Inverter Topology With Reduced Switch Count and Voltage Stress.
Hardware simulation of yeast glycolytic oscillations.
Enhanced glucose nano-biosensor by pulsed deposion of conducting polymer on ITO/Pt.
Framework For E-Learning Strategy In The Egyptian Universities.
A 10-Gb/s/ch, 0.6-pJ/bit/mm Power Scalable Rapid-ON/OFF Transceiver for On-Chip Energy Proportional Interconnects.
E-Learning In The Field Of E-Business Support.
Hover-Net - Simultaneous segmentation and classification of nuclei in multi-tissue histology images.
Viral Perturbations of Host Networks Reflect Disease Etiology.
Dynamic approach for real-time skin detection.
 e-consultation service for support on health-related requests.
Riemannian-geometry-based modeling and clustering of network-wide non-stationary time series - The brain-network case.
Design of a Discrete-Time Linear Control Strategy for a Multicell UPQC.
Face Recognition with a Sobel Edge Detector and the Choquet Integral as Integration Method in a Modular Neural Networks.
Skin A Time-resolving Intraoperative Imager for Microscopic Residual Cancer Detection Using Enhanced Upconverting Nanoparticles.
Case Study - A class E power amplifier for ISO-14443A.
s Future Contribution to Global Security Using the Capability Portfolio Analysis Tool (CPAT).
Localization and centrality in networks.
DCU at NTCIR-10 Cross-lingual Link Discovery (CrossLink-2) Task.
Reduction to Band Form for the Singular Value Decomposition on Graphics Accelerators.
Remix in 3D Printing - What your Sources say About You.
A genetic approach to statistical disclosure control.
OOTN -an ontology proposal for optical transport networks.
Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding.
SynchroWatch - One-Handed Synchronous Smartwatch Gestures Using Correlation and Magnetic Sensing.
Early stopping turbo decoders - a high-throughput, low-energy bit-level approach and implementation.
The effects of a hands-free communication device system in a surgical suite.
A novel data preprocessing method for boosting neural network performance - A case study in osteoporosis prediction.
Wireless Positioning in IoT - A Look at Current and Future Trends.
Parking Space Detection Using Textural Descriptors.
Does E-government Trust in e-Commerce when Investigating Trust? A Review of Trust Literature in E-Commerce and e-government Domains.
Adaptive neuro-fuzzy control of wet scrubbing process.
An effective heuristic for multistage linear programming with a stochastic right-hand side.
Bioacoustics-Based Human-Body-Mediated Communication.
Medical Imaging 2017 - Digital Pathology, Orlando, Florida, United States, 11-16 February 2017
Analyzing collaborative knowledge construction - multiple methods for integrated understanding.
Throughput-Optimized Frequency Domain CNN with Fixed-Point Quantization on FPGA.
Quantitative comparisons into content-based music recognition with the self organising map.
Simulating Multi-scaled Impacts of Automated Mobility-on-Demand Services.
Efficient Solution for a Class of Markov Chain Models of Telecommunication Systems.
A novel device to preserve intestinal tissue Ex-Vivo by cold peristaltic perfusion.
Improving Usability Evaluation by Automating a Standardized Usability Questionnaire.
On Mixing Iris-Codes.
Retrieving Similar Cases from the Medical Literature - The ImageCLEF experience.
Performance analysis of a wireless sensor network with cognitive radio capabilities in structural health monitoring applications - A discrete model.
Efficient Parallel Methods for Special Second Order Ordinary Differential Equations.
Particle-Filtering-Based Prognosis Framework for Energy Storage Devices With a Statistical Characterization of State-of-Health Regeneration Phenomena.
Real-time 11.25Gb/s optical OFDM signal transmission over 2000m legacy MMFs using centre launching.
Improving agricultural economic efficiency in Brazil.
A delay-tolerant framework for integrated RSNs in IoT.
TapSkin - Recognizing On-Skin Input for Smartwatches.
Semantics in the Domain of eGovernment.
Long-Range Wireless Mesh Network for Weather Monitoring in Unfriendly Geographic Conditions.
A new class of nonmonotone conjugate gradient training algorithms.
Features and classifiers for emotion recognition from speech - a survey from 2000 to 2011.
Convergence Theory for Preconditioned Eigenvalue Solvers in a Nutshell.
Making a mesh of it - a STELLAR approach to teacher professional development.
Capacity is the wrong paradigm.
Targeted screening for pediatric conditions with the CHICA system.
Using natural language processing and machine learning to identify breast cancer local recurrence.
s degree level.
Coverage-Based Placement in RFID Networks - An Overview.
Content Verification of Encrypted Images Transmitted Over Wireless AWGN Channels.
Exploratory factor analysis of brain networks reveals sub-networks related to cognitive performance.
Demonstration of an Open Source Framework for Qualitative Evaluation of CBIR Systems.
Secure Wireless Image Communication Using LSB Steganography and Chaotic Baker Ciphering.
Problem-based learning online - multiple perspectives on collaborative knowledge construction.
Expanding the Research Area of Behavior Change Support Systems.
Biocomputing 2019 - Proceedings of the Pacific Symposium, The Big Island of Hawaii, Hawaii, USA, January 3-7, 2019
Authorship Attribution of Electronic Documents Comparing the Use of Normalized Compression Distance and Support Vector Machine in Authorship Attribution.
Using Log-Data as a Starting Point to Make eHealth More Persuasive.
s Disease.
Studies of the transcription of viral genome in adenovirus 5 transformed cells.
Fuzzy control allocation of microthrusters for space debris removal using CubeSats.
s Performance - An Exploratory Analysis of Secondary Data.
A comparison of three types of rough fuzzy sets based on two universal sets.
Issues of Visual Search Methods in Digital Repositories.
A SAW-based liquid sensor with identification for wireless applications.
Preventive Maintenance Scheduling - Decision Model Development and Case Study Analysis.
A Multi-Pumping Flow System for In Situ Measurements of Dissolved Manganese in Aquatic Systems.
Fiber Optic Sensor for Acoustic Detection of Partial Discharges in Oil-Paper Insulated Electrical Systems.
HCI for Peace - Promoting Peace and Preventing War through Computing Technology.
Reducing Maternal Mortality - An Ultrasound System for Village Midwives.
Best Practices for Development and Delivery of Graduate Health Informatics Curriculum.
An Ontology-Based Approach to Linking Model Organisms and Resources to Human Diseases.
Robust Error Correction for De Novo Assembly via Spectral Partitioning and Sequence Alignment.
OpenBIM Framework for a Collaborative Historic Preservation System.
Automatic extraction of product line architecture and feature models from UML class diagram variants.
Limited but satisfied - Low SES older adults experiences of aging in place.
Intelligent software engineering in the context of agile software development - A systematic literature review.
Improving CASA Runtime Performance by Exploiting Basic Feature Model Analysis.
Very low bitrate spatial audio coding with dimensionality reduction.
Fuzzy ontologies-based user profiles applied to enhance e-learning activities.
From Requirements to Features - An Exploratory Study of Feature-Oriented Refactoring.
Using blockmodeling for capturing knowledge - The case of energy analysis in the construction phase of oil and gas facilities.
Estimating response time distributions in queueing networks.
Would You Be Mine - Appropriating Minecraft as an Assistive Technology for Youth with Autism.
Call Admission Control Strategy for Cognitive Radio Networks with VoIP-Traffic.
Are Tangibles Really Better? - Keyboard and Joystick Outperform TUIs for Remote Robotic Locomotion Control.
Bone Tumor Resection - Analysis about 3D Preoperative Planning and Navigation Method Using a Virtual Specimen.
Erlang Capacity Performance Evaluation of Spectrum Adaptation Strategies in Cognitive Radio Networks.
OmniMapFree - A unified tool to visualise and explore sequenced genomes.
The Yeast Proteome Database (YPD) and Caenorhabditis elegans Proteome Database (WormPD) - comprehensive resources for the organization and comparison of model organism protein information.
Rapid determination of earthquake magnitude and displacement field from GPS-observed coseismic offsets for tsunami warning.
Optimal location of green zones in metropolitan areas to control the urban heat island.
Actionable reminders did not improve performance over passive reminders for overdue tests in the primary care setting.
Towards a Data Governance Framework for Third Generation Platforms.
Evaluating Fourier Cross-Correlation Sub-Pixel Registration in Landsat Images.
From Conceptual Models to Agent-based Simulations - Why and How.
Usage and Effect of a Web-based Intervention for the Prevention of Overweight; a RCT.
Optimizing a Hybrid Two-Step Method for the Numerical Solution of the Schrödinger Equation and Related Problems with Respect to Phase-Lag.
A Low-Complexity Decision Feedforward Equalizer Architecture for High-Speed Receivers on Highly Dispersive Channels.
The CNN-Corpus - A Large Textual Corpus for Single-Document Extractive Summarization.
Tackling the Big Data 4 vs for anomaly detection.
The CNN-Corpus in Spanish - a Large Corpus for Extractive Text Summarization in the Spanish Language.
Generating Digital Libraries of M.Sc. and Ph.D. Theses.
Imaging performance of a-PET - a small animal PET camera.
Structural elements of coordination mechanisms in collaborative planning processes and their assessment through maturity models - Application to a ceramic tile company.
Elementary Proofs of Some Stirling Bounds.
Efficient, optimal stochastic-action selection when limited by an action budget.
Towards semistructured information integrating using XML and deductive logic.
Transferring Data from High-Performance Simulations to Extreme Scale Analysis Applications in Real-Time.
Optimal Dictionary Selection Using an Overcomplete Joint Sparsity Model
An Architectural Approach to Ensuring Consistency in Hierarchical Execution
An Algebraic Method for Designing Multivalued Logic Circuits using Principally Binary Components.
Sliced Wasserstein Auto-Encoders.
Properties of maximum Lempel-Ziv complexity strings.
Decoupling Direction and Norm for Efficient Gradient-Based L2 Adversarial Attacks and Defenses.
Grayscale and Color Basis Images.
A translator with a security static analysis feature of an information flow for a simple programming language.
A Genetic Approach to Statistical Disclosure Control.
Preliminary Results of a Handheld Nerve Electrode Insertion Device.
Paper Prototyping Comfortable VR Play for Diverse Sensory Needs.
Reproducibility of brain-cognition relationships using different cortical surface-based analysis protocols.
On consumable energy allocation frame-work with SWIPT for remotely located wireless node within internet of things.
New multiple-input multiple-output-based filter bank multicarrier structure for cognitive radio networks.
Optimisation and landscape analysis of computational biology models - a case study.
Enhanced name and vote separated E-voting system - an E-voting system that ensures voter confidentiality and candidate privacy.
A Core Broking Model for E-Markets.
Global optimization algorithm for multi-period design and planning of centralized and distributed manufacturing networks.
Intelligent temperature control of a tropical post-harvest storage system.
X.400 1988 to 1984 downgrading.
Proceedings of the Seventh International Workshop on Behavior Change Support Systems co-located with the 14th International Conference on Persuasive Technology, BCSS@PERSUASIVE 2019, Limassol, Cyprus, April 9, 2019.
SIFT Applied to Perceptual Zoning for Trademark Retrieval.
An Interpretable Machine Vision Approach to Human Activity Recognition using Photoplethysmograph Sensor Data.
The Cosparse Analysis Model and Algorithms
Evaluation of Agreement Between Static Posturography Methods Employing Tensometers and Inertial Sensors.
Patient-specific modeling of individual sickle cell behavior under transient hypoxia.
Supercomputer Modelling of Spatially-heterogeneous Coagulation using MPI and CUDA.
Strategic Options Development and Analysis to identify criteria to evaluate segmentation problems of a water distribution network.
Market exchange models and geometric programming.
Policy-based Management for Body-Sensor Networks.
A disease annotation study of gene signatures in a breast cancer microarray dataset.
Analysis of Threshold Based Queue with MMPP Arrival Process.
Identifying Gaps on IT Governance Capabilities - Findings in the Logistics and Transportation Industry in Colombia.
Dictionary-Based Tensor Canonical Polyadic Decomposition.
Mapping between X.400(1988) / ISO 10021 and RFC 822.
s Machine to Artificial Intelligence.
Self-Adaptive Genotype-Phenotype Maps - Neural Networks as a Meta-Representation.
V - ISSUE - LIZER - exploring requirements clarification in online communication over time.
Bull - A World-Wide Company Born in Europe.
Investigation of Formative Assessment of Learning (INFORMAL) - The Performance Indicator Tool (PIT).
s Disease Patients Using Functional Connectome Data.
A Rigorous Approach for the Sparsification of Dense Matrices in Model Order Reduction of RLC Circuits.
An SQP trust region method for solving the discrete-time linear quadratic control problem.
Orthogonal polynomials and measures on the unit circle. The Geronimus transformations.
E-Team - Practical Energy Accounting for Multi-Core Systems.
s disease by analysis of MR images using multilayer perceptrons and committee machines.
A novel approach to generate MCQs from domain ontology - Considering DL semantics and open-world assumption.
A low-complexity sub-Nyquist sampling system for wideband Radar ESM receivers.
Motor imagery task classification using transformation based features.
On the Relevance of Glycolysis Process on Brain Gliomas.
Interactive Multi-Modal Display Spaces for Visual Analysis.
Application of a Symmetric-Send-On-Delta event-based controller for a microalgal raceway reactor.
Toward wide-scale all-optical transparent networking - the ACTS optical pan-European network (OPEN) project.
A tribute to David Masson.
Comparative analyses of population-scale phenomic data in electronic medical records reveal race-specific disease networks.
 Ecology.
Stress among Portuguese Medical Students - the EuStress Solution.
Nonconflict check by using sequential automaton abstractions based on weak observation equivalence.
Evolution of robust high speed optical-flow-based landing for autonomous MAVs.
System-on-Chip Design and Implementation.
A wearable vibration glove for improving hand sensation in persons with Spinal Cord Injury using Passive Haptic Rehabilitation.
Intent-Driven Behavioral Modeling during Cross-Border Epidemics.
Knowledge management - an empirical analysis of reuse and productivity.
Detection of prostate cancer on histopathology using color fractals and Probabilistic Pairwise Markov models.
Using multimedia for e-learning.
Renumbering Still Needs Work.
End-to-end breast ultrasound lesions recognition with a deep learning approach.
Hard-wall and non-uniform lattice Monte Carlo approaches to one-dimensional Fermi gases in a harmonic trap.
s going on in my city? - recommender systems and electronic participatory budgeting.
A fast numerical method for the Cauchy problem for the Smoluchowski equation.
Spectra of random graphs with community structure and arbitrary degrees.
Contribution of data complexity features on dynamic classifier selection.
Teaching During a Pandemic Event - Are Universities Prepared?
Effects of E-Customer Satisfaction and E-Trust on E-Loyalty - Mongolian Online Shopping Behavior.
Priority-Based Scheme for File Distribution in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
A Strategy of Multimedia Reflectors to Encryption and Codification in Real Time.
A systematic mapping study of information visualization for software product line engineering.
Direct Estimation of Pharmacokinetic Parameters from DCE-MRI Using Deep CNN with Forward Physical Model Loss.
Trajectory Metaheuristics for the Internet Shopping Optimization Problem.
Infrastructure planning under uncertainty - a case study.
Automatic Motion Segmentation via a Cumulative Kernel Representation and Spectral Clustering.
 Opinions and Attitudes.
Shading Removal of Illustrated Documents.
Challenges in Developing DDDAS Based Methodology for Volcanic Ash Hazard Analysis - Effect of Numerical Weather Prediction Variability and Parameter Estimation.
Offline Handwritten Signature Verification - Literature Review.
Validation of Molecular Docking Programs for Virtual Screening against Dihydropteroate Synthase.
Speaker identification based on normalized pitch frequency and Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients.
The Emerging Governance of E-Infrastructure.
Quantifying Changes on Forest Succession in a Dry Tropical Forest Using Angular-Hyperspectral Remote Sensing.
Modelling spatial and temporal changes with GIS and Spatial and Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
s Learning To Rank Challenge with YetiRank.
Sensitivity analysis and model order reduction for random linear dynamical systems.
A Spatially Constrained Deep Learning Framework for Detection of Epithelial Tumor Nuclei in Cancer Histology Images.
Conformational diversity analysis reveals three functional mechanisms in proteins.
Sub-ppm-Level Ammonia Detection Using Photoacoustic Spectroscopy with an Optical Microphone Based on a Phase Interferometer.
On the Feasibility of Characterizing Soil Properties From AVIRIS Data.
A fully resolved active musculo-mechanical model for esophageal transport.
Addressing the Big Data Multi-class Imbalance Problem with Oversampling and Deep Learning Neural Networks.
Minimaxity in predictive density estimation with parametric constraints.
Evaluating the Effect of Upgrade, Control and Development Strategies on Robustness and Failure Risk of the Power Transmission Grid.
Leveraging Wikipedia knowledge to classify multilingual biomedical documents.
Volume Visual Attention Maps (VVAM) in Ray-Casting Rendering.
Evaluation of the validated Soil Moisture product from the SMAP radiometer.
A case study on timed supervisory control on a linear cluster tool using aggregated timed synthesis.
A New Algorithm for Background Removal of Document Images Acquired Using Portable Digital Cameras.
Real-Life Paradigms of Wireless Network Security Attacks.
Resolving the enhanced flow parameters for an in-depth analysis of the MRI-Neuroimaging.
A Statistical Approach for Breast Density Segmentation.
All-In-One - Facial Expression Transfer, Editing and Recognition Using A Single Network.
The Convergence of Virtual Reality and Social Networks - Threats to Privacy and Autonomy.
A statistical shape model of femoral head-neck cross sections using principal tangent components.
A modeling approach for dependability analysis of smart distribution grids.
Setback and remedy of local e-government projects - a case study from Egypt.
Robust observer-based sliding mode controller for vehicles with roll dynamics.
Exploring biometric technology adoption in a developing country context using the modified UTAUT.
Recognition of Arabic Handwritten Literal Amounts Using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
Permutation tests for nonparametric detection.
Synote - enhancing multimedia e-learning with synchronised annotation.
Electrical stimulus artifact cancellation and neural spike detection on large multi-electrode arrays.
Instantaneous Power Quality Indices Based on Single-Sideband Modulation and Wavelet Packet-Hilbert Transform.
A simulation analysis of the impact of FAHP-MAUT triage algorithm on the Emergency Department performance measures.
Admission Control in the IEEE 802.11e WLANs Based on Analytical Modelling and Game Theory.
Management Patterns for Network Resilience - Design and Verification of Policy Configurations.
A study of cultural effects on mobile-collocated group photo sharing.
Sustainable computational science - the ReScience initiative.
LASSIM - A network inference toolbox for genome-wide mechanistic modeling.
Backplane/FDA correlation-FDA replacing commercial backplanes for SoC ethernet electrical validation.
Evaluation of auditory cortex tonotopical organization in rats Through Principal Component Analysis.
Removing Shade and Specular Noise in Images of Objects and Documents Acquired with a 3D-Scanner.
Incorporating Social Theories in Computational Behavioral Models.
MAGIC Summoning - Towards Automatic Suggesting and Testing of Gestures with Low Probability of False Positives During Use.
Recovering a Hidden Community Beyond the Spectral Limit in O( E log* V ) Time.
A Development Methodologies Recommender System Based on Knowledge from the Software Industry.
Nano-structured polypyrrole as a low-cost substrate for glucose biosensing applications in rural health.
Evaluation of Several Variants of Explicitly Restarted Lanczos Eigensolvers and Their Parallel Implementations.
Fully Adaptive Remote Sensing Observing System Simulation Experiments.
Experimenting adaptive services in sea-cloud innovation environment.
A Generalized Cauchy Distribution Framework for Problems Requiring Robust Behavior.
Releasing De-Identified Clinical, Imaging, and Genomic Data from the VA to External Repositories for the APOLLO Network.
Efficient implementation of chaotic image encryption in transform domains.
Study of the Impact of Pre-processing Applied to Images Acquired by the Cygno Experiment.
Classification of molecular sequence data using Bayesian phylogenetic mixture models.
Multiport cyclical fibre-optical switch.
Polynomial time algorithms for two special classes of the proportionate multiprocessor open shop.
How Synchronization Protects from Noise.
Neuro-Fuzzy Expert System for evaluating the performance of Distributed Software System Architecture.
The Human Connectome Project - A data acquisition perspective.
 performance.
Time Series Prediction for Kernel-based Adaptive Filters Using Variable Bandwidth, Adaptive Learning-rate, and Dimensionality Reduction.
Automatic Activity Classification and Movement Assessment During a Sports Training Session Using Wearable Inertial Sensors.
Extraction of Patient Temporal Patterns and Clusters from Clinical Data.
Robust and parallel scalable iterative solutions for large-scale finite cell analyses.
Optimising the SHA-512 cryptographic hash function on FPGAs.
Covariance based outlier detection with feature selection.
Peering at the Top of the World - Satellite Remote Sensing of Petroleum Hydrocarbon Reservoirs in the Barents and Kara Seas.
Sustainable and Efficient Data Collection in Cognitive Radio Sensor Networks.
Bag-of-Concepts Document Representation for Textual News Classification.
Comparative Analysis of Prediction Techniques to Determine Student Dropout - Logistic Regression vs Decision Trees.
Developing Telehealth in Rural America - The Wyoming Network for Telehealth.
A combined controller for a PV simulator.
SATURN - A Thin and Flexible Self-powered Microphone Leveraging Triboelectric Nanogenerator.
MetaBridge - enabling network-based integrative analysis via direct protein interactors of metabolites.
Improved target detection with ultra wideband radars using efficient coded waveforms.
Vulnerabilities of Line Current Differential Relays to Cyber-Attacks.
Cyber-Physical Security of State Estimation Against Attacks on Wide-Area Load Shedding Protection Schemes.
Conversion of Radiology Reporting Templates to the MRRT Standard.
A Relational Build-up Model of Consumer Intention to Self-disclose Personal Information in E-commerce B2C Relationships.
From a Generic to Neonatal HCE - Nursing Informatics Contributions.
Crowdsourcing service-level network event monitoring.
Modelling clavicular and scapular kinematics - from measurement to simulation.
Scanpath and saliency prediction on 360 degree images.
Co-occurring gland tensors in localized cluster graphs - Quantitative histomorphometry for predicting biochemical recurrence for intermediate grade prostate cancer.
Attack Pattern Recognition Through Correlating Cyber Situational Awareness in Computer Networks.
Draft Standards Development of Two Working Groups [Industrial Activities].
Fintech Social - Definição, Categorização e Ilustrações Empíricas - Social Fintech - Definition, Categorization and Empirical Illustration.
ParCAT - Parallel Climate Analysis Toolkit.
Optimal Policy for Software Patents - Model and Comparative Implications.
Development of a device characterization curve tracer based on transient thermal measurement.
An Evaluation of the Initiatives and the Progress Made on e-government Services in the EU.
2014 Humanitarian Robotics and Automation Technology Challenge [Humanitarian Technology].
Flexible AC/DC-links in MV Grid - Stability and Robustness in Experimental.
Blind coding classification in the presence of interference in MIMO systems using ML algorithm.
Pitfalls for testbed evaluations of internet systems.
Sediment minimization in canals - An optimal control approach.
Prediction of B2C e-commerce order arrival using hybrid autoregressive-adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system (AR-ANFIS) for managing fluctuation of throughput in e-fulfilment centres.
Heuristic Search Space Generation for Maximum Clique Problem Inspired in Biomolecular Filtering.
Pitch estimation for musical note recognition using Artificial Neural Networks.
Phylotastic! Making tree-of-life knowledge accessible, reusable and convenient.
 Perceptions and Expectations Toward a BCMA Implementation Using a Mobile App and Workstations as a Change Management Strategy.
Modeling biomedical experimental processes with OBI.
Internet requests for comments (RFCs) as scholarly publications.
How representation matters - comparing collaborative learning with alternative versions of hypermedia.
A User-Centric System for Home Movie Summarisation.
Reverse OAuth - A solution to achieve delegated authorizations in single sign-on e-learning systems.
Fast algorithm for restoration of foggy images.
Finding Source Code on the Web for Remix and Reuse
Bayesian semiparametric analysis of short- and long-term hazard ratios with covariates.
Short-term operation planning of the Itaipu hydroelectric plant considering uncertainties.
An effective method to formulate electric power system problems for online assessments.
Leveraging the e-passport PKI to Achieve Interoperable Security for e-government Cross Border Services.
A rule-based method for continuity of care identification in discharge summaries.
A Neural Network Approach to Smarter Sensor Networks for Water Quality Monitoring.
From parallel play to meshed interaction - the evolution of the eSTEP system.
Automatic segmentation of the aortic root in CT angiography of candidate patients for transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Experience with a New Architecture Review Process Using a Globally Distributed Architecture Review Team.
Card sorting to evaluate the robustness of the information architecture of a protocol website.
Maximum likelihood based sparse and distributed conjoint analysis.
An integrated object model and method framework for subject-centric e-Research applications.
Student engagement with assessment and feedback - Some lessons from short-answer free-text e-assessment questions.
The relationship between persuasive technology principles, adherence and effect of web-Based interventions for mental health - A meta-analysis.
Predicting risk of suicide using resting state heart rate.
An empirical study of potentials of adoption of grid computing as a vehicle for tertiary institutions collaboration.
Diagnostic Games as a Teaching Tool.
ISWC 2018 - Towards Smarter Wearable Technologies That Blend With Our Bodies.
Availability modeling and analysis of a disaster-recovery-as-a-service solution.
Passive L-band H polarized microwave emission during the corn growth cycle.
Bundling and Unbundling Tasks in an ERP Acquisition Transaction - An Analysis of Asset Acquisition Incentives.
Efficient SVD speech watermarking with encrypted images.
A Tool for Product Development Performance Monitoring (Pdpm) for Alignment with Competitive Priorities.
Anomaly-based network intrusion detection - Techniques, systems and challenges.
Cost effective improvement of EV-DO user experience through contention-based carrier addition.
POPI - a user-level tool for inferring router packet forwarding priority.
A hybrid conjugate gradient method based on the self-scaled memoryless BFGS update.
s Economic Needs - Respecting the Fundamental Right to Data Protection.
modMine - flexible access to modENCODE data.
A Novel Counterfeit Detection Approach for Integrated Circuit Supply Chain Assurance.
Parallel Multi-Projection type methods on hybrid CPU/MIC cluster.
Analysis of a variable speed vapor compression system using artificial neural networks.
Cooperative diversity schemes for uplink single-carrier FDMA systems.
An SVD audio watermarking approach using chaotic encrypted images.
High level prevention of traffic analysis.
